Comment
"""You fuck your dad."""
"""i really don't understand your point.  It seems that you are mixing apples and oranges."""
"""AÂ majority of Canadians can and has been wrong before now and will be again.Unless you're supportive of the idea that nothing is full proof or perfect so you take your chances and if we should inadvertently kill your son or daughter then them's the breaks and we can always regard you as collateral damage like in wartime - and sorry, butÂ the cheques in the mail. """
"""listen if you dont wanna get married to a man or a women DONT DO IT. what would it bother you if gay people got married stay in your lane do you let them do them. And your god is so nice but quick to judg if your not like him, thought you wasnt suppose to judge people."""
"""Các bu1ea1n xuu1ed1ng u0111u01b0u1eddng biu1ec3u tình 2011 có ôn hoà không ? Các ngu01b0 dân ngu1ed3i cuí u0111u1ea7u chiu1ee5 nhu1ee5c có ôn hoà không ?Các nông dân giu1eef u0111u1ea5t u1edf Vu0103n Giang, Cu1ea7n Thu01a1 có ôn hoà không ?.................Ru1ed1t cuu1ed9c u0111u01b0u1ee3c gì  thì chúng ta u0111ã biu1ebft !Ai cu0169ng yêu chuu1ed9ng hoà bình, nhu01b0ng u0111ôi khi hoà bình chu1ec9 thu1eadt su1ef1 u0111u1ebfn sau chiu1ebfn tranh mà thôi.Không còn con u0111u01b0u1eddng nào chu1ecdn khác u0111âu, u0111u1eebng mu01a1 thêm nu01b0ã."""
"""@SDL OK, but I would hope they'd sign him to a one-year contract to start with. Give him the chance to be reliable and productive, but give themselves the out if all his time off has hurt his playing skills or if he falls back into old habits."""
"""Yeah and where are you now?"""
"""shut the fuck up. you and the rest of your faggot friends should be burned at the stake"""
"""Either you are fake or extremely stupid...maybe both..."""
"""That you are an idiot who understands neither taxation nor women's health."""
"""@jdstorm dont wish him injury but it happened on its OWN and i DOUBT he's injured, he looked embarrassed to me"""
"""Be careful,Jimbo.OG has a fork with your name on it."""
"""@tonnyb  Or they just don't pay attention """
"""Hmmm. Perhaps some who are too pig-faced to get laid and therefore have zero chance of getting pregnant from such activity hold something against women who can?? IDK. Stream of consciousnees thought after looking at her. """
"""@barrettmarson Huh? Her income was $21,912. Her spending was $5,470. My math puts that at 24.9%."""
"""FOR SOME REASON U SOUND RETARDED. LOL. DAMN. WHERE U BEEN NEGRO"""
"""You with the 'racist' screen nameYou are a PieceOfShit.........."""
"""Oh! & cheating as well...1966 cup was a cheat fest, & you still dare to post that comment..shame on you lol"""
"""your such a dickhead..."""
"""Your a retard go post your head up your #%&*"""
"""@EephusBlue Makes you want to say ""Mike MacWHOgal?"""""
"""http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLYLLPHKRU4"""
"""And you know they've burned holes in all the carpeting."""
"""you are a land creature. You would drown...."""
"""To all those doom-and-gloomers, the chicken-littles who claim the sky is falling and that society is collapsing...Canada has had gay marriage nationwide for years. Where is the disaster? Where is the collapse and the persecution you're shouting about? Where is it? Please, show us some examples because it's starting to look like your threats and fears and warnings are nothing but HOT AIR."""
"""Craig, we have been saying from the start that this is a very entertaining show.  It awakens the horny little Goth in me.  I met my boyfriend during the first season and one of the first thing we did was watch AHS at my house.  I know he likes me and all but to this day he is sure I am far creepier and kinkier than he could ever be.  Thanks, American Horror Story.  Sweet Clam loves you."""
"""Strange you are talking about that when there were Chelsea fans in here belittling the Community Shield"""
"""But how would you actually get the key out?"""
"""oh cool, some more internet points for your collection!"""
"""Even though I think there are better coaches out there, I am glad Del Negro is keeping his job.  I never thought he got enough credit those years when he took those average Chicago Bulls teams he coached to the playoffs 2 years in a row"""
"""russellpiano Hmmmm...how can we spin Obama honoring Vietnam troops as something negative.Answer: Doesn't matter! Look at our followers. They'll take anything.                                                                                         Obama team:  ""Hmmm, how can we make the liberal Messiah look better in light of the revelations of his leaking classified information to the New York Times?I know, lets have a bogus photo shoot at the Viet Nam Memorial. That will make Obama look like he cares about vets (but first we'll have to clear all the vets out of the immediate area because they can't be trusted)."""""
"""A good article, which, for all the good it will do, could have been delivered to a brick wall."""
"""Head's up warning...another source of funding for Media Matters is Peter Lewis of the Progessive Insurance Company. You know, those auto insurance commercials that run every 5 minutes on cable television featuring the gal who looks like a blow-up doll with red lips andÂ a perfectly round mouth...if you know what I mean.IF you have ProgressiveÂ auto insurance, just know that part of your premium is going to fund a progressive liberalÂ organization hell bentÂ on destroyingÂ our country and our free speech. Their mission is toÂ bring downÂ Hannity,Beck,Dobbs,Lavin,Limbaugh,Boortz,etc. We must not let them win."""
"""@sdnoriko LOL as if Capcom listens. Watch them fuck this up too. I hope I am wrong. I love Okami."""
"""Allinit123, your hypocrisy is sickening, you ignorant loser."""
"""Fast & furious didn't work out like they planned did it?.............lololololololol"""
"""mitt isn't the best candidate for president.......but, going against the worst candidate ever should help him tremendously.  LOL obama is one and done......it could happen no other way."""
"""I can't believe the stupid people on this site that have no idea what is going on.  You fools.  You are all useful idiots.  They are hiding the truth because you fools who protect him would look like the useful idiots you are."""
"""fucking behave then you prick!"""
"""The only ""other"" relevant fact is that HE IS DESTROYING AMERICA!"""
"""You are a liar."""
"""Is that it??  your sum total to any conversation is first abuse and then calling them a troll..   You are a typical socialist idiot.  Keep up your non existent class warfare, it is as pointless as you."""
"""@beanstalk @briview Welp then NBW right?"""
"""Good job, fellas. I didn't quite read the rules about a signature piece, but I guess that was as good as any. I found some great blogs to follow, and to share over at G+. If I'm not commenting on your blogs, it's because I always throw my two cents in when I post my share. Add me on there if you are a Googler. https://plus.google.com/109258118458627782001/posts. Again, congratulations to the winners, and I hope we get the chance to submit something else. This was fucking fun."""
"""I say hang is ass in the center of the town to let it be known that this type of behavior gets this type of punishment... The lady had a kid 1 week ago. Women aren't safe to have sex after child birth for AT LEAST 6 weeks. So even if this WASÂ consensual, it would have been wayyyyy too soon and hurt the lady. I am so glad the the baby is so young and will not remember this event happening in it's house and I hope the mother recovers quickly."""
"""faggot"""
"""You right if you are relaxe then you can give better result or perform and your identity should be from your work."""
"""Aimless Abe you are a delusion weirdo that should be locked up inside and kept away from computers.  Anyone who doubts the lunacy of Abe the moronic prog frog from NYC please read this thread and you will see Abe completely come apart from the seams and go off the deep end."""
"""That, I do not doubt.......as a Blackberry clone.But, your original argument was not that Android would have existed, just that Android somehow predates iOS development."""
"""OKC should work out a deal to get a PG who plays more like Parker or CP3.  I think Nash at the point, and move Westbrook to SG that team would be unstoppable.  Imagine the shots Nash would create for Durant.  Then Westbrook would be at his natural position too, the guy doesn't create shots or distribute."""
"""Maher's show goes on and on....Palin's  Alakda show gets canceled.Isn't the ""free market"" wonderful?"""
"""Even as a troll you are a pathetic failure."""
"""Grazie mille Sabrina! Sei così dolce.Baci."""
"""yeah well, it would still be better than letting them sit there for 20-30 years on my dime before sticking a needle in their veins. I say give them ALL a noose. If they choose to kill themselves, so be it."""
"""um holy fuck i need a cigarette"""
"""You're a moron, truth is beyond your reach"""
"""You seem wistful."""
"""Damn, speedy recovery, Paul...raining prayers down on you!"""
"""The laughs you two heard were triggered by memories of his own high-flying exits off moving beasts"""
"""Your anti-Semitic rants are not welcomed here. You are a racist moron.FU!"""
"""@Nonstopdrivel Was FredEx on this team?"""
"""god, you're tiresome. get a life, you loser."""
"""stop pretending ur not bradley's side. you're the BS..are u blind don't give us that stupid long explainations of yours, you  sounds like that 2 idiot judges exactly carbon copy !!...arum we need our moneyyyy bacckkkkkkk !!!!!!"""
"""fucking weird game man"""
"""I told you I would give it if you did. You started acting likje a tough guy behind your moms computer then I asked you 20 times for an address and you still won't give it."""
"""I don't know if Lewis is a little boy or little girl. Either way it becomes the third on my list of petulant idiots. You will understand when you grow up. Ask an old bastard member of your family to explain. Such actions cannot be tolerated. How come you blame the line judge? Weird."""
"""thats a pathetic flop fuck you jvg"""
"""Why should they bother improving ios if they sell more phones than they care to produce. These advice are better served to the also-runs... wp first and foremost"""
"""spursruss: I live in Argentina and its not all Argentinians. The problem being those who are loud on the issue are ill educated and you can be sure they wouldn't be rushing to fight anyone, they would be cowering in the background. My wife is Argentinean and she is the first one to recognize the stupidity of the claims. Some of muppet think they fought their Independence against the UK, morons the lot of them. The answer is simple, if we were the leading colonial force, you would be an ENGLISH speaking country, you aren't, because werent it was Spain, Portugal, France, our interests were commercial. Also the worst part is they themselves exterminated the natives, the Spanish started it but actually it was the newly formed Argies which did most of the killing of the native, lovely eh? Clueless stuff, you wonder why the Government gets away with corruption, so many ignorant people thats why...you shouldnt judge ALL by the standard, these a huge amount of Argies who see the Cristina drum beating for what it is, the same as ALL presidents of Argentina do, using it to cover their failing."""
"""you better hope because the Marlins have a history of giving up their superstars"""
"""Well, you guys have gone and done it now. You put the words 'China' and 'Chinese' up the required number of times for the dating Asians ad to come up. Evidently, Ms. Zhang, 50Kg and 168cm [for a BMI of 17.8] from 'HuNan China' wants to meet me. She has her little mouth open like she's speaking. What's that you ask, Zhang? Well, yes, as a matter of fact I am a physician.  Why are you clapping your hands together and jumping up and down?  Stop that squealing, young lady and 'exprain' yourself!"""
"""you mean like your off topic Obama rant bellow?"""
"""I hope they do it inconjunction with July 4...."""
"""Surely will be a crushing blow, when he doesn't get the next four years, would you consider leaving the country????????????????"""
"""I haven't watched Fox News in years, true."""
"""Are you in France?"""
"""I'll take that temp...I really hate the heat"""
"""Alexis Bledel can act. Wait. Can she? I have this blind spot when it comes to impossibly beautiful women. Shit, maybe she can't act. Fuck, what the hell do I do now?WHAT THE HELL DO I DO NOW!?"""
"""I like your comments.However I would go one step further.  It's not time to ""let"" the people of IL fight back.Rather the citizens of IL just need to fight back period.  I will carry next time I travel into ""little Beirut"".  i.e. Chicago"""
"""Fact : Georgia passed a strict immigration policy and most of the Latino farm workers left the area. Vidalia Georgia now has over 3000 agriculture job openings and they have been able to fill about 250 of them in past year. All you White Real Americans who are looking for work that the Latinos stole from you..Where are you ? The jobs are i Vadalia just waiting for you..Or maybe its the fact that you would rather collect unemployment like the rest of the Tea Klaners.. You scream..you complain..and you sit at home in your wife beaters and drink beer..Typical Real White Tea Klan...."""
"""Of course you would bottom feeder ..."""
"""Mátenlos!!http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-YVSZmVv2iRw/Tmo8KFaUGMI/AAAAAAAAA0k/NlLAahKNnis/s1600/kill it with fire KILL IT KILL IT WITH FIRE-s670x394-132457.jpg"""
"""You are  a fukin moron.    You are just butthurt that you got rejected on WIkipedia.Call yoursilf scolar or whatever.  I am better than you,  just 14 and already a Wikipedia administrator.  You are just a stupid ashole."""
"""He is doing what any president doe's on this day.I do not recall if other presidents appeared at the Wall.election year.... yea, but then again you would never say anythingif he did not appear. You can not have it both ways."""
"""...yeah, and you're a f'ing expert.....go back to picking through trash barrels you tool"""
"""Those trails will definitely get plowed regardless of the investigation. They'll just see it as easier to plow the area than deal with it. And once they got plowed I would never return or risk getting stopped and heavily questioned by the PO-PO's. P.S. - All the stupid comments are unnecessary. It's really easy to be cold and heartless and act like you don't give a fuck. But I'd like to see these anonymous commentators talk shit like that in front of this person's family or even their own Mother's. Grow up children and learn some respect."""
"""Suh had a sack the last time they played."""
"""and you are support argument a-hole....Not everyone games on their pc's either.  Spec whores miss the point entirely.......I prefer the mac to my daily work.  That beings said, I'm also a big believer in the best tool for the job and there are certain things that PC's do better, (Database and servers for instance)The thing is that you havent proved anything other than an anti apple bias and name calling (guilty myself to get your attention) id just juvenile"""
"""You are a fucking dumb ass!.  Go back to you Xbox dickhead.  Grow up you little fanboy."""
"""you know what would be fun? If you guys talked crap back to us. more entertaining"""
"""@beeline @SidneyCatsby ...I'm assuming you are in school in the states."""
"""They should put all the gay and lesbians on an islandâ?¦Â  Oh wait there is Manhattan. """
"""YOLO. This is hilarious. Canyon students are so racist! Even though most of us are Mexican! Fuck gabby!"""
"""Lets see your papers arealconservati.Till then shut the fuuk up sticky-chin."""
"""An interesting angle of organized religion is that religious persecution is never ok unless your defending your own religion.Â  You all aren't victims of religious oppression.Â  You are the oppressors.Â  BTW, i'm not gay.Â  I just love how you people try to defend your persecution of others while claiming your are being persecuted."""
"""Correction Bitch! You don't think it's superb because your hating ass doesn't know talent..And Again I am still waiting on you to submit a video of you singing..Where is the youtube link? I am sure you will get all kinds of rave reviews lol"""
"""I think the only trickle that effected you was the trickle of sperm your dad gave your mom and most of that trickled down her leg.   Go back to sleep, we will wake you when you are needed again."""
"""And you keep on your knees and keep telling yourself that is a sausage in your mouth.  And that is cream cheese you are swallowing."""
"""What was that, like 2000 words about nothing? You're going after Andrea Mitchell? What, was Fox infomercial not broadcasting yesterday? How about the apologies issued for the ""EPA drones""? And yet here you are attacking Andrea Mitchell about some stupid gas station gimmick.Here's another newsflash for you, Mr. Romney (R1%) is out of touch. We all already know it. Mr. Romney's amazement wasn't just about some gadget at a ""petrol filling post"" but that people could actually buy food products there and that they actually eat it.This very second Mr. Romney isn't even carrying a wallet. And it is very likely that he doesn't even know where it is. I'm still waiting for someone to ask him the tough campaign trail question of ""how much does a gallon of milk cost?"".Andrea Mitchell and gas station food... unbelievable."""
"""@Rourke needs to give me a fucking like  @jwoude23 hows everyone doin?"""
"""fuck you both"""
"""Powers,MSNBC Is far far more biased and hostile in it's comments than FOX. At least at FOX there are usually opposing views. MSNBC is just a shill for the president. And they keep having to fire their hosts for all the outrageous remarks they make.Now, CNN is getting almost as bad as MSNBC."""
"""What horrible trades are you talking about?"""
"""and retards like you back to the institutions."""
"""weapons lol hes an idiot an waste of human space had it made and ruined it all"""
"""Not a big fan of Rondo, but the dude can ball...I wouldn't classify him as a big talker, just trying to psyche himself up..."""
"""Pig Maher, you forgot your meds again. You know you are one sick SOB so don't forget."""
"""It's not just the rich screaming about taxes.  It's the average middle class American who pays his/her taxes and doesn't see the benefit of those taxes (but instead sees waste).  I pay federal taxes, but I don't use public schools, I'm not collecting any govt welfare or benefits, I pay for my own healthcare etc.  I use the roads and sewers, so I don't mind paying the city taxes for that.  My trash pick up is private, so I pay that directly to the trash company.  Everyone should pay for what they 'use', not based on what they make.  If one wants to be a part of society, one should contribute and pay their fair share.  That includes the rich or poor."""
"""Mr. King isn't it about time you either grow a pair of balls or join the democrats who will love a pussy cat like you."""
"""I'm amused by the fact that WeBlog cons drop any issue once it turns into a loser.This is an expression of that amusement."""
"""Gabriel.Â  Â Getting time to blow that horn?"""
"""Exactly. Like, I don't really give a shit how fat a person may or may not feel, but it really is shitty when your clothes don't fit. And not in a ""I'm so gross"" way but in a ""I can't very well leave the house naked!!"" way."""
"""Welfare queen into a whore, not a crack whore.  I think a whore is a more productive worker than a welfare queen."""
"""POLITICAL CORRECTNESS:Political Correctness is a doctrine, fostered by a delusional, illogical minority, and rapidly promoted by an unscrupulous lamestream media, which holds forth the proposition that it is entirely possible to pick up a piece of ch*t  by the clean end."""
"""What an ass you are...funny I see a lot more of you ""nuts"" in cars then I ever have of pilots in panes..."""
"""You can take international law and  shove it. You are such a schmuck, I don t know why I even comment on your idiotic posts. The ""peace activists"" on the ship started hitting the soldiers with weapons in order to kill the."""
"""Blown is  a little pissy after he applied for a union job and was turned down.  He is just another good republican minion spreading today's message."""
"""If you dont have a teleport and air-mix ups ""you are nothing to me"""""
"""stop trying to sound like a victim bitches dont understand men dont have the same temper and not the same thoughts go through ur mind than ours.. u put a nigga on da spot get up in his face and start throwing yo stank breath on us believe me u got it coming yal go no right period"""
"""robert moroni you fuckin dimwit, do you know what a parody is? It's a fuckin parody of fox news and it sounds accurate to me!"""
"""The most evil, callous, vile, creature in all of mythology is your made up god. Stop killing and eating babies, you dirty christard!"""
"""Oops!  How embarrassing (for me)... you are right People1st... I bow to the superior movie intellect of your son :)"""
"""If you throw trash out your window, you get a yellow star bumper sticker."""
"""Once more we see where the soft immigration policy has let the citizens down.... I bet they come from a family who have less education than a retarded hampster yet were given a nice new life in Britain... Reap what you sow...."""
"""Nope. Not working for me either.32-23-34www.facebook.com/annagillmodel You have my email! :) """
"""That jump shooting bit gets old.  When you don't get calls on contact and get your shot thrown off you look for separation and you jump shoot.  Especially if you ain't big, which is most teams because bigs and longs are rare/expensive at pro level."""
"""""This was a tough loss for us, right now there are guys blowing each other in the locker room.""-Scott Brooks"""
"""You're a complete and utter moron."""
"""Your still a loser, man we must have really gotten under your skin lol"""
"""The ignorance here is astounding. Clearly it says in the video that Cleveland was ALREADY convicted of rape and is serving jail time for it. He's GUILTY. She WAS RAPED!! (for all of the morons who've said ugly statements about her or attacked the veracity of her story) The only determination that this court is trying to make is whether Cash Money should be held liable. I think it's reasonable that when you invite someone to make a professional presentation at YOUR company that YOU provide necessary protections for that individual. I don't care whether Cleveland was employed or just ""a hanger-on"" a professional guest should not have been left unattended in the hands of someone dangerous that was there admittedly with Baby and Slim's knowledge and permission. If you went to a store and were attacked by an employee or a ""friend of the boss"" (who was permitted to hang around premises), would you not hold the company responsible?Â """
"""Fuck hard, then fuck slow, then fuck hard, and then start again."""
"""@Axlrodes Were you here for the Wide Receiver drama?"""
"""are you fucking kidding me no mirrors fuck you freesteam"""
"""Nothing was confirmed in the 19th century you moron. There was no modern medical science to prove ANYTHING. Dont try to quote from the same period of time that brought us the Spanish Inquisition. You are the lowest of the low, i feel sorry for you."""
"""My best friend who is allergic to wheat, corn, soy, red dye, yellow dye, pistachios, tree nuts, kiwis, cherries, oranges, bananas, and seafood. If she gets anywhere near the smell of seafood her lungs constrict and she can no longer breath. Last week she got cut by a dog leash that had pistachios on it and almost went into anaphylactic. I know a little about food allergies. I asked my friend if she thought it was rude and selfish of someone to want food allergies so they could die. She said you are a bitch. So I do not really think it is insulting that she wants food allergies so she can die. I think we're back to you're a bitch."""
"""So not focusing on Boston vs Miami for a minute.... Who's the scarier opponent, SanAn or OKC?"""
"""floyd has a better knock out percentage than pacman you dumb fuuuuck"""
"""so wat have u bn doing all along if u want to train them nw.we thot yo presence must strengthen the strike force bt proving otherws.shame!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"""The Dean of Mean is a typical Tory who believes there's one law for him and another one for everyone else.Big Steve better get around to firing everyone at Elections Canada and replacing them with Tory hacks before they really get into what the Tories did in the 2011 campaign."""
"""Oh fab - we have a tennis player who has a sense of humour and who can smile. Mr Murray please note. Mind you he has left it too late to cheer up. Misery guts"""
"""You are repeating yourself, mate."""
"""You are one sick puppy."""
"""Very true, indeed! I've tried to sit down and study for hours straight without any breaks and I'm not nearly as effective as when I take a few breaks."""
"""so da fuck wat if he prasie the devil look where he at keep doin ya thing my nigga"""
"""Can I say dick on here?Your a dick."""
"""@niemerg1 Right.  Never said it was fool proof tho."""
"""The wonders of PLASTIC SURGERY <3"""
"""Ron Paul / Cynthia Mckinney 2012The all Wacko ticket!Calling all Paul sheep to the barn for your daily feeding. Don't forget your wallet!"""
"""go on move to hollywood, join russell brand and take dan lobe with you"""
"""The way this fucking hoodrat is standing in that picture is boiling my blood. I'd like to meet this cunt in an alley for a few minutes. Selfish fucking twat."""
"""hahaha today a group of Argentine veterans from the Falklands war beat the crap out of a senator of the peronist party, the party in power right now, for using them for political purposes. The people in Argentina are getting tired of this ""show"" the politicians are doing to distract the Argentine population from other far more important problems."""
"""We afford what we HAVE to afford, Marco."""
"""Hey moron ""buttons1994"", Kerry won't be able to bully Obama like Romney bullied a gay boy when he was in prep school by physically assaulting him.But the clown Romney won't be able to bully Obama in a debate either, so it's a wash."""
"""and like it matters, you are waiting for next year...I am still living in the playoffs...suck on it loser"""
"""Should have hung for what he did, this country is all for the monsters that lurk among us!!!"""
"""@Childerz  @koosh12684  @jwoude23  @welfarecheese  @SDL  @Nonstopdrivel  Right on. As long as we are both open and honest about how we come to our own conclusions, I couldn't give a shit if we disagree."""
"""they are pecking him to death he gives up ugly runs"""
"""@Blaine Jungwirth definitely thought that only deserved a 2, but hey, I takes what I gets!"""
"""I can't trend I'm on my iPod touch"""
"""This was the JOINT back in the day!And am I the only one who thought Gregory looked like he could be Philip Michael Thomas' brother?  LOL"""
"""How old are u 12? Knicks fan BEEYATCH!!!Not a Melo ball licker!!!"""
"""Anything better than the Grover Norquist, Tea party, Wall Street, corporatist GOP."""
"""BITCH NIGGA YOU NEED AN EYE EXAM, AND EYE GLASSES! CASSIE ONE OF THE FINEST WOMEN ON EARTH!"""
"""Are you attempting to be kinky here?  You have some kind of fetish?"""
"""You get the gold star!The best post I've seen on here in months!!Hilarious...Great job,Canadian!PS I think we need you to come down here.I'll sponsor you!!"""
"""How old are you?"""
"""Nothing worse then a idi0t who smugs because of who he is, Gay"""
"""You're a child rapist in NY. You have admitted it MANY times you sick fuck! You have no room to talk."""
"""@J.O.   The man was a genius."""
"""Anti American piece of-shit you are"""
"""Have you be sipping at th e sacramental wine again?You really are a dense little dude."""
"""Yes but remember - the government is listening to the views of the owner of Wonga.Wonga will loan your business money (at astonomical rates)"""
"""The tirade isn't what people caused people to dislike her.  Read her comments.  Like this one, ""I know of her story and her husband. We all have stories. I mean, I almost died, and Venus is struggling herself. So, you know, it's life. "" She comes across as uncaring and selfish.  On top of that she never gives an opponent any credit--it's always about what SHE did.I absolutely like Venus--consistently root for her and have for years--but Serena is an absolutely awful person that needs to grow up"""
"""Stacy C. is right - Dumbama and his fat-ass wife and their cronies have created this atmosphere of govt. interference and what they feel govt entities should be doing.Â  Schools and others take their cues from the top down, and when they see this admin. forcing restaurants to publish calories on menus, then they feel they should be doing ""their part"" for their messiah and become food police.Â  I cannot believe that a school puts out an approved food list.Â Â I would be suing.Â """
"""GALLUP DAILYMay 24-26, 2012 u2013 Updates daily at 1 p.m. ET; reflects one-day changeNo updates Monday, May 28; next update will be Tuesday, May 29.Obama Approval48%-Obama Disapproval45%-1PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONObama47%-Romney45%-7-day rolling average It seems the bump Romney got is over and the president is on his game."""
"""This is someone whose self-importance got the best of him. If anyone should be fired it would be Tate. This kind of behavior is inexcusable and unbecoming of a man who holds the futures of many employees in his hand."""
"""Don't stand on your porch."""
"""camp has got to come in here and get this guy. this is where you earn your money."""
"""You could not be more wrong. The American Tea Party stands for limited government. Fiscal responsibility, and a return to our constitution. The Tea Party when it rallies or protests does it legally with brains. We pay the permits, arrange the events, say our piece, and then clean up and go home. The occupukes on the other hand. Are not only different, they are opposite. They trespass, they steal, they show up without permission. They damage private property, they collect urine and feces to throw on people. They set fires, they smash store windows. They rape young girls. I can go on and on. Oh and the heat, AC and warm beds were all paid for by those people. don't kid yourself that we are not committed to our cause because we are not stupid like you or OWS. There is a right way and a wrong way to do things. You and the occupunks have choosen the later."""
"""Because that is how they get their rocks off. Our government is run by pedophiles who sexually torture children."""
"""He actually said ""what a spoiled bitch I am"".  I never hated Colton the way most of the posters did, because I felt for him.  Being gay in a republican family, can only mean that you have been villified.  He was dismayed that it was men vs women, as that took away any comfort zone he may have had.  The men didn't welcome him, and when he got power, it went to his ""spoiled bitch"" head."""
"""With inbreeds being the longest running malcontents."""
"""Quote from Teresa May ""That is why we have been trying to deport him to Jordan, his home country."" TRYING - Since when does a Sovereign have problems TRYING to deport diseased minded scum like him. Stuff the EU laws and if the UK is 'fined' by the EUSSR for doing this then don't pay it ... and then stop all financial payments to this corrupt experiment. It doesn't work, its broke so listen to the PEOPLE Camoron and have an in or out referendum .. NOW!"""
"""@nilbymouth You are right concerning Campbell.  My bad.  The QB carosel has me mixed up.  Anyways, I still don't like Knapp and think we went that road with him once before and do not need to revisit it again.  Cable obviously did not think too high of him if he stripped his playcalling duties and decided to call the plays himself.  If Knapp was truely great at what he does, he would have had some positive influence on this team with his quarterbacks, and in my opinion, he didn't....Carson Palmer needs a guy like Saunders whose offensive connection to him is undeniable..."""
"""I'll like your comment too if it makes you feel better."""
"""Why didn't Obama go to Wisconsin and urge the Republicans to abandon their own America form of austerity?"""
"""If they deleted his post, I wold surely be banned for my flaming all over Joe. :)"""
"""What the hell are you talking about?"""
"""people dancing, drinking, having fun at the clubs in miami""Life is good in miami, Heat won!!!! lets get drunk""--Heat fans"""
"""This is so American. Load of utter 'positive people makes positive lives' fake christian bullshit. Put it this way, take 2 for example:Give up complaining. This to me just reads like 'become a walk over'. If we all gave up complaining, nothing great would get done or crap would be accepted. Go into a hairdressers, get a shit haircut for $100. Don't complain because you are a happy, pissed-off with your shit haircut, person who's just been taken for a ride. Give up the luxury of criticism. For a start it's not a luxury. You can be critical if you want. I believe it is a trait that I enjoy. Why? Many people are idiots. It's the truth. If you are in a job and you don't criticise people who do crap work then you'll have an office/workplace full of people who can't do their job.These are basic personality traits of intelligent people. But I guess retards are happier than all of us."""
"""You're one of my favorite commenters."""
"""dude, it looks NOTHING like the ""fag-box."" It looks more towards PlayStation-meets-Alienware console. It has already been proven that modern consoles continually progress towards a PC. So please take your idiotically painful comments elsewhere."""
"""Howe does it feel to be a Freedom Leech parasite?"""
""".........And all the arseanal fans silently weep into their hankies!!There's nothing to see here, fellas- he's a free man and still the Spurs manager! UNLUCKY!"""
"""Yes  you have to have comedy in your life"""
"""Moron, the Latinos are becoming a large voting block you can't just dismissed them like you did with blacks, gay, women and other minorities.You need a majority to win and all whites don't buy your crap"""
"""""When Is Bush going to be asked to campaign for Romney. When he does I'll buy you a dinner. I wonder why Bush is NOT  wanted.""The BETTER question is why a SITTING PRESIDENT LIKE OBAMA IS NOT WANTED!Notice he did 7 fundraisers the weekend before the vote all around WIsc. NEVER stopped in WISC.Notice NO ONE wants his help campaigning?"""
"""wait till a raptor grabs it in mid air.bad days man."""
"""Have you ever given him props or at least not dissed him out on any thread? I'm not a fan of his movies either but that don't mean I start talking shit on every fucking post.."""
"""@big o other That dynamic has been clear since the teabaggers threw their first tantrum in January of 2009 and Rush declared that he wanted the president to fail. They want the economy to suck. They NEED the economy to suck. This explains their otherwise puzzling legislative choices over the past three years."""
"""You are stuck on stupid obviously...give me a break and don't vote.moron"""
"""This man's drunk as fuck, he's on drugs, he's a male prostitute."""
"""who told you that....stupid ask yourself who kick his daughter out of the house at the age 16.....when it's comes protecting weaman you guys the last ppl on earth who can open their mounths.."""
"""@Lets Go West try big 100they are dope"""
"""Ight ima get in on you mr. Army man or w.e. the fuck you are. I have family fighting on battle field right now atleast 20 members are all juggalos. Just like me you little ick sucking divk whipped bitch. If you have the time to sit here and talk shit about family then you obviously aren't doing your job fighting for our country your busy trying to start another world war with the juggalo family so shut the fuck up and grow a pair you pussy."""
"""You are so correct...the red sox are the worst team."""
"""Headlines going to be in a few months, Mark WRIGHT reject back home"""
"""i didn't watch game so this morning watched sky see what fuss was about, i have to say at times football fans have to put there loyalty to respective clubs aside, what ballotelli did was a disgrace he  won;t admit it but that was deliberate and has no place  in football i will be amazed if he isn't banned"""
"""Are you retarded? You think Iraq & Afghan were avenging deaths? Lol.. get yourself checked buddy.. even bush would laugh at you...There is a reason why we are proud of India.. cuz we are not like US or Israel who will or can go to war at the drop of a hat.. on the long run even that is proving costly to them.. So wake up.. We are talking about Music here not War.. you dumb moron"""
"""No matter how great your body looks, there's something pathetic, desperate and trashy about a woman that old acting like that!!"""
"""piiisii ... apparently knows nothing about cold factsRepublican Trolls make us all sick with their non factual crapYou can cry until 2016 ... your lies mean nothing to intelligent people"""
"""The bad part of the story is the dumb redneck Republicans, like yourself.Not sure if these folks are sociopaths like you, though, so you're probably a downgrade from them..."""
"""You as stupid as you were yesterday."""
"""""I may never see the light of day again"".....He should NEVER see the light of day again! Twisted beyond belief. You couldn't do what he did to a dog, let alone another human being.  """
"""There are a lot of morons posting on this site but you are in a class all by yourself."""
"""You are a Moron."""
"""How the fuck do you have Orange Beef but not Orange chicken?"""
"""suck my dick yeaah babby pussy"""
"""Autumn..... You are, and Idiot. Red Flag #102 - Girls with No sense of Humor."""
"""Eli MAnning, Brett Favre, John Elway"""
"""if she won't sleep with you, you could probably just force yourself on her and any reasonable judge would take that tattoo as a permission to date rape stamp"""
"""Holder and Obama will be hit back from all directions and 1000 times as hard. Dozens inside the DOJ and the WH who have dignity and patriotism will turn on them both like rabid dogs. This administration is goind down and right into federal prison. Nothing can stop it now. Nothing at all. The people are pissed off and out for heads.Holder = Peice of ShitObama = Fucked Up Sociopath"""
"""SO IS A SKUNK HALF BLACK AND HALF WHITE AND THEY BOTH STINK. WHY DO B L A C K PEOPLE STINK, SO BLIND PEOPLE CAN H A T ETHEM TOO. LOL"""
"""I wonder if that'd stand up in court. ""He might have killed someone, but fuck me he can play cricket!"" He was a prick."""
"""They're not. The PG proposal is a list of people who have committed crimes with a gun. Not a way to register guns. (is no one else disturbed by the idea of the government maintaining lists of people they don't like. Cue '""you know who else had lists of people they don't like"" jokes in 3..2...)"""
"""@David @Cyberduckie You know, if you stick a screw driver in your mouth and bang on your fillings, you might be able to pick up an Easy Listening channel."""
"""That's because you're a nobody."""
"""The Korem foundation will never see another dollar from me."""
"""I just did it, but for some reason it's not registering, maybe needs some time."""
"""I could be as effective (ineffective) as Huff."""
"""Yo this my nigga right here! my n my boi lil b fuck bitches on the regular, we fucking everyone bitches. tell yo boys that yo bitches aint safe when Mel Gibson n Lil B rollin out on a bitch hunt"""
"""oh hey, I have yousaid.it if you like."""
"""Â ""It means the world isn't changing, it means the world has already changed,"" Steven Goldstein, chairman of the gay rights group Garden State Equality.Â  BUT, right is right and wrong is still wrong!"""
"""OMG! Are you a VS Girl also????!!!Did you hit up the semi annual sale? I went fucking crazy!!"""
"""You are incredibly stupid...."""
"""@SlipResistantShoes In a few years, they'll make a damn movie about it? Uncle Daddy Rides Again?"""
"""I like you aggie."""
"""obamawon due to the media not doing their jobs ,we still know nothing about obama and its almost 4 years later why ?"""
"""God bless you, and may you live a long and fruitful life and spread your wisdom."""
"""HA. I'm glad you are Pena's girl, you know he really wants to play for the Red Sox. He's from Boston and went to Northeastern but got cut by the sox and he's terrible. haha. You have zero valid points."""
"""I am a moderate. I am fiscally conservative but am moderate on the social issues. The Republican Party is no longer the party of Goldwater, Teddy RooseveltÂ  nor even Reagan. The GOP is the party of Jerry Falwell, Tony Perkins and people like Michelle Bachmann. Because I am gay and can not find a place in the GOP, I voted for Obama in '08. However, this year IÂ am considering voting for Romney this year. Republicans better hope Romney gets the nomination because Santorum would be handing the election to Obama. Santorum isÂ SCARY conservative. He wants the government to be all up in peoples' business and I wouldn't be surprised if a PresidentÂ Santorum created a Morality Police.I believe the majority of Americans are moderate and what this country needs is a moderate. I am so tired of us swinging from extreme left to extreme right and back again."""
"""Why did you do that?"" ""Because you smell like dog poo. You're so stupid, just like dog poo. You're made outta poo!"""
"""The Democrats would sell out our young job seekers for a handful of illegal votes and a 50 cent tomato."""
"""pass on grass and pass on rainbows and wings"""
"""You wouldn't know a failed policy if it sent you and all your neighbors to the poorhouse."""
"""""But Jack from Raleigh wasn't done. He came back with this bit of furious grammatical genius:""""Holy hell, Jack. Calm down.""GOD D@MN HILARIOUS!Who writes your material GraziD?  MM never even acknowledged we were here (well accept when Uber ticked him off)  GraziD not only interacts with us, he calls you dumb when you're being dumb... right beeaner?"""
"""Maybe Republicans can't use filibusters in Union votes to grind all decisions to a halt.60% is probably enough to win elections there."""
"""@Dan tm@noBjustRyan a funny thing happened on the way to that forum, but all the optimists were too happy to notice. """
"""yeah I'm pathetic but your the idiot going around trolling other teams pages. Why don't you get f#$@ing life you little sh1thead."""
"""Ron Paul could start his own third party tomorrow and suck a large percentage of Democrats, Republicans, Libertarians and Independents with him.  You think Ross Perot was bad?  Ron Paul might even challenge to win running as a 3rd Party candidate!"""
"""We can tell by their mugshots who is Pinky and who is Brain...lol"""
"""ugly bitch go prostitute yourself so dat you can buy a big enough pant bottom to cover your gigantic ass """
"""If you want to lick Jewish ass, go do it in Jerusalem. but stop using this country you Israel-first traitor."""
"""Agreed... you come on here to proclaim a useless point to who? the CNN community? Parasites that have nothing else better to do then trying to make a valid point to....who????"""
"""@SDL Unless that happened by chance..."""
"""Are you edge-triggered or level-triggered?"""
"""Nice smelling...er, spelling sphincter"""
"""How do you know?Besides who says everyone has to have Moral Standards based on my Gardener?"""
"""Too bad that wouldn't do anything about the gay American citizens found in all 49 other states."""
"""Mr Cagape, the things you've listed are true but only the tip of an iceberg.I've been in Hong Kong for two years now, and the longer I stay here, the more I hate this place. Â It's horribly crowded, which leads to plenty of rude people and deathly polluted air. Â It's ridiculously expensive, and even so, the nicer (and expensive) restaurants are always booked out and the services are shit. Â It's superficial; if you are or want to be a nice person, you will always get taken advantage of, unless you dress in such a way that says ""I'm rich"" on your forehead. Â Even if you are rich, like some of the Chinese mainlanders that rush into the city for a weekend shopping spree, you will still get treated like shit. Â I don't get why people love Hong Kong so much. Â It may look civil on the outside, but on the inside, it's rotten to the core. Â It's just capitalism, you may say, but I don't see it in the US, and I don't even see it in China mainland (which contrary to what they argue, is very much capitalist). Â Living here doesn't make me rich, it makes me pull OT everyday, put up with selfish rude people everywhere, and pay ridiculously high rent for a tiny apartment every month. Â If I live here for another two years, I will become so bitter that I might just fit in."""
"""Yeah I know, I am being a troll on purpose. I still and will always be known as JSKop. I do not have to change my account every few days because I'm awesome like that. I can troll one day and the next be taken seriously by everyone."""
"""""""You all, including your son, deserve a slow, painful, and miserable death.""""That's how Zimmerman stands his ground."""
"""If you wrap your computer in foil you can stop them from taking your posts down."""
"""she is ugly so she would complain """
"""Operation DICS:'Distract Investors from Crashing Stock'"""
"""Actually the Packer still have the rights to Jolly."""
"""From your computer through their website."""
"""This is what I wore to the most recent wedding I attended, which was a daytime, black tie optional affair: http://i.imgur.com/pmQKn.jpg. I think I looked glamorous as fuck."""
"""Pig noesed / no talent jack.. This guy should get the worst actor award every year."""
"""And the last day is upon us. Will I be the lucky one? Doubt it, but it's still a sexy piece of hardware!"""
"""Uh,if the autopsy plus the exam of the girl prove that he WAS raping the daughter, then he was caught red-handed, which doesn't fall under the category ""innocent until proven guilty."" If you wouldn't do the same thing in that father's shoes, then you don't have children."""
"""come on Sweeney show us again man"""
"""Its going to be difficult to lose weight in 7 days. Honestly, most of the weight that you'll lose is going to be water and maybe a little bit of muscle and fat if you are very careful with your calories. You can also be certain that you'll gain it back again once you get of the diet. I'd recommend that to take it slow and easy so you can see the long-term benefits.  I've personally lost 180lbs since Dec 2009. My blood pressure was 160/110, now its 120/80. My cholesterol was 256 mg/dL, now its 176mg/dL. I'm no longer Pre-Diabetic and I'm in the best shape of my life. It wasn't easy but I can say that everyone can do it if they have the right program. If you're interested in my story please head over to Zdiets.net Cheers. Ryan E. Parker"""
"""You're a pussy ass punk."""
"""Apparently Hickson has said he will take the min to play with LeBron again.. Good bench player for the Heat."""
"""Simply terrible.  Cop should be fired."""
"""very sorry about robin, however I can guarantee that if this was a story about just your average person it wouldn't be getting this much attention. sorry if its offensive but tough shit its the truth and you all know it."""
"""haha...atleast get your insults straight you idiot!!...."""
"""O' Neil ---Hold your ground!!  Don't admit tosomething you did not do to satisfy an outward AGENDA by those whowant to conform to international racing for their own profit!  Yes,you have violations, as many other trainers do, BUT, you are thecenter of attention right now --- NO BETTER PERSON TO ATTACK!!!  Youlive in a faulty generation caught up in personal transference ofwrongdoing by the general public focused on lack of commitment tothemselves, family, and country!Doug, just look around you and see whatthe present day ideology has done to our country, NOW, they want YOUto become part of that same agenda in the sports world --- DON'T DOIT!!  The people around you know you for who you really are ---forget about the deadbeats, and the press, who themselves should beashamed of their lack of responsibility to the people of thiscountry!  Focus on winning the Triple Crown --- YOUR WAY!!  You'vecome this far on your own, stay that way!!  Good Luck --- the u201cTRUEu201dfans will support you for who you are, not what others want to makeof you."""
"""Hey Cameren, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe"""
"""I stand corrected that was the memphis series but they beat the heat in 6, then this yr okc swept mavs due to player improvement"""
"""The guy is an idiot if he sticks his dick around without protection."""
"""Oh please, spare us your fantasies."""
"""Well, no. Generally if I consider someone a tramp I have no desire to look at their sex pictures.What's your excuse?"""
"""I still dont see why half of you niggas click on every video that he post on wshh just to hate. If he so wack why the fuck you even click the video. #BASED"""
"""i bet you are a white devil or cracker"""
"""A Combination, he is a drunk we all welcome but has a crazy streak"""
"""Yep, and that means that you would have to find another cash cow to suck the teats of...Nothing but a leach so give it up..........."""
"""Sounds like a medical condition."""
"""You are human garbage."""
"""I dont know about a high chance, but definitely a chance."""
"""Your little girl will probably look just like her :) lol"""
"""@hockeybelle he is so wrecked physically right now.  THere's definitely something wrong with him.  You can't really use the ""lazy"" excuse anymore because he was pretty great for most of the playoffs"""
"""We'll leave the fanaticism to morons like you, criminal."""
"""Can we have your address so that when you die we can all come and pay our respects, and then urinate into your urn before they flush it?"""
"""If only it could be your rectum, right?"""
"""LOL....and he told them to go suck your man child messiah's big toe.....LOL...."""
"""Finally? Where have you been the past few years? Phils played hurt in 2010 and 2011."""
"""That takes more strength than the father in the story would ever know. Much respect to you."""
"""....he should be punished in some way obiously, just because he's in the SAS shouldn't make him untouchable!! unquote  He has been punished plus he will get done by the army...in the Forces you get done twice...once by the civil courts then by military justice (if I may use those terms together as you are guilty until proven even more guilty!)"""
"""dcjohn: have you heard some of the white folks down in good ""ole"" louisiana speak? if you turn your backs you can not tell one from the other. it has to do with location and where you are born mostly. come to my state also, some of sound like our friends from the ""hills"". there is no such thing about being ignorant or uneducated just because you have an unusual accent.blacks speak in all languages depending on where they are from; from the Queen's  english to french, or gullah, or islander or spanish. blacks are very adaptible where as other groups are a ""closed knit bunch""."""
"""More people on here than you, you cunt."""
"""TabbyJHayCutchEl ToroPgh KidGFJHit CollectorCBGround Chuck"""
"""I think it clearly displays your lack of rational thought if you truly believe that."""
"""No we have no concept of sitting on your butt and waiting for a hand out"""
"""FACT.. YOU ARE A MORON"""
"""Just like the media has ventured to compare MAnu to Kobe, but where were you then?"""
"""U dad already ashamed of u cuz he dnt know if u really his son cuz your mom was sucking and fuc.king the crew back in da days..lmao...now u grew up to hate black men wit money cuz u know dsts what your mom is looking for..lol..tell her I'll pass up on dat a.ss cuz it got to many miles on it howeva she can give me some slow head...lol..lol..lol..."""
"""They have historically been completed unable to get the REAL THREAT off the road so they're going to pick some very low hanging fruit here. Inept lawmakers. Inept politicians. And sheeple for police who are going to LOVE ""enforcing"" this new law. They can't enforce the laws we have now that matter, so I guess they need some new ones."""
"""My little brother and his friend are running around, making fart noises, and quoting The Lorax. I have no fucking clue what is going on."""
"""be careful picking it up. For that price it could easily be an Admiral Ackbar."""
"""I guess their coverage was IDIOTIC to YOU, especially when they were all but anointing your boy as the champion after day one of the Open.   Tht is what I dearly love about the SYCOPHANTS, they have to have it both ways...ALL THE TIME.  Crawl back under your rock CRAPI."""
"""The guys cutting down our tree said they would cut another tree down for a carton of beer. Haha typical tradesmen."""
"""are you funny tonight?!!!"""
"""Its Black Goo fucked into Space Jockeys that causes xenomorphs.  Thats why they have similar Giger bodies.   doesnt need to be two crazy coincidences to set up prometheus xenomorphs and alien xenomorphs."""
"""cortez u callin niggas soft but u look soft as hell too my nigga"""
"""Man I see why you celtics claim to be classy."""
"""How does trolling for Obama pay? Pretty well?  What? No pay? You're an idiot, don't breed."""
"""And you, Dee, are a typical leftist idio t."""
"""Jolie is my qurl. Excited as hell to see this movie. Too bad its 2 years away.. fuck"""
"""You are a child."""
"""Libero ha per vicedirettore un signore che ha pubblicato l'audio di una telefonata PRIVATA con un parlamentare, Crosetto. Libero fa campagne contro le intercettazioni e poi pubblica telefonate PRIVATE (""quel testa di C è andato a Milano"" diceva Crosetto del suo boss). Il DIRETTORE di Libero si è fatto un attentato da solo, o forse è stata la guardia del corpo recidiva. Pansa, Il megagiornalista, su Libero ha scritto (e mai smentito) che ENRICO BERLINGUER ha telefonato a Curzi per raccomandare la figlia, nel 1991. Da MORTO! Questo è libero. Che si prendano Freda."""
"""Hang on, Eduardo, what's your home address? i'll come forcefully kick your door down, take over your house, if you try and kick me out, i'll seriously physically harm you, because as you pointed out, right to self defence!! I hope you realise how retarded your argument is, truely!"""
"""<blockquote>                        Little girl, you, YOU of all people make that statement. How dare you after all your feminist/misogynist bullshit.Oh, and toots, anytime you want to try anf follow me up a 21,000 foot mountain at 64 degrees North Latitude and not whine, bitch, complain or get cramps, you just go ahead and sign up. You are a nypocrtical piece of shit. And anytime sweetheart. Anyplace on the planet. You think you have a bteer pain threshold or the ability to follow along in my footsteps, you just raise your delicate little hand. The first whine oir moan out of youy when in the field, and I will have a dozen cameras on you and make sure the world knows what a whimpy little hypocrite you are.Pussy.</blockquote>Fuck you.Don't call me ""toots"".I'm disabled, and CAN'T follow you up a mountain of ANY size.I also deal with CHRONIC FUCKING PAIN, DAY IN, DAY OUT.Meow meow, fuckstain."""
"""I don't watch the brain numbing Eastenders, but have always had a thing for Nicola Stapleton...............I would! """
"""Â HA HA, Ford will blow it away."""
"""@tlgiguere I remember first seeing mike in board james  and finding out he plaed the joker in the batman reviews  and bugs bunny and all that awesome stuff,  I was actually saying, I'd like to see more from him.  While I do miss seeing James more then we are,  he's making the movie so its understandable. Just think how boring it would be around here WITHOUT mike right now,  I'm glad he's stepped up to help out more."""
"""WHAT PART OF GO BACK TOO SCHOOL AND LEARN HOW TO STRING A PROPER LEGABLE SENTANCE TOGETHER DID YOU NOT UNDERSTAND DO YOU NEED A FUCKING DIAGRAMIt is obviouse your a women as you havent learnt anything go baack to the bottom were you came from until you make sense JUST A WASTE OF SERVER SPACE SAME AS ALL WOMEN. I DOUBT EVEN HUGE BLACK COCK IN YOUR FILTHY HOLE WOULD SHUT YOU UP MORON."""
"""Ok I am sorry but why are these idiots still around. I am white and can't stand the racsit pigs. If you can't stand being around other races and cultres then get lost. If you beat people because of their color they should be shot. Now they want a stretch of road. Yeah just what someone of color needs. To go down that road and be beaten or shot because they are of a different color. I wish I can do the stuff they do and get away with it.."""
"""The comments on twitter shows that it was to embarrass Tyler.  If there was not intent of that then why would you do such a stupid idiot move as this?  We are all legally adults by the time we go to college (unless you are  a major genious), so it's time to start thinking like one."""
"""WHAT THE FUCK SUN!!! WHY ARE YOU NOT POSTING MY COMMENTS!!! ILL TELL YOU WHAT I WONT FUCKING BOTHER WRITING MY OPINIONS THEN!!! ILL JUST FUCKING SAY NICE THINGS ABOUT ALL THESE SYSTEM ABUSING SCUM BAGS SHALL I.............DECENT"""
"""Mine too. So I just assume all the time over what it was. Most of the time, they are correct assumptions."""
"""Joyce should be in RF.... Zobrist should be at 2B.... Rhymes shouldn't be playing."""
"""I actually think this is 1 of the most 'sophisticated' outfits i have seen her in lol...  I used to like her years ago but she has went downhill in my opinion and will go as low as possible to get that frozen face in the papers... I would like to know who these 'katie price' fans are that she makes her millions from because certainly no1 i know admits to liking her..."""
"""Flagged, you're a real dick."""
"""I Made a Joke.....A Joke you did not get.... A pun on color if you will.You need to Relax.  Look at my Pic.  I'm a white guy calling white coaches dumb....If you cant get that, then you must be 10 y/o."""
"""Here he is explaining how they tried to have him killed for propaganda purposes.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NXeXl1SDU8c&feature=plcp"""
"""Brown dog:Remember that you thought that............. while the crowds gather on the streets.......... Greece, Spain, France, Quebec Canada  etc etc etc ....... It is not only a dynamic that will occur in the US but is already occurring, where people want their rights and the real culprits of the financial disasters held accountable!"""
"""Dude, calm the fuck down and stop yelling at anyone who disagrees with you."""
"""sounds likeÂ Venezuela...ah, the road to being a banana republic with the emperor with no clothes that his minions the media insanely keeps insisting he isn't naked...and what is up is down and what is right is wrong.""The prince of this world"" (John 12:13) Â is a master of false systems. Â He crafts entire schools of thought that can suck us in and destroy us...He's behind false religions, falseÂ philosophies, false doctrine, false morality, and everyÂ systemÂ of that that cannot lead anyone to God. Â He has infiltrated governments, economies,Â educationalÂ institutions, and anything that has influence in this world. Â The conclusion John came to is sobering. Â ""The whole world lies in the power of the evil one""(John 5:19).'The Invisible War', Chip Ingram"""
"""Sorry, I hate to be one of *those* people (if they exist here. haha) but, I posted this juts a few minutes ago in the old thread and I wanted to move it over here because it's a bit mind-blowing.From her letter to Tiger Woods:""The world seems to be all up in your business, and Iâ??m sorry about that. I really am. What happens in your life, in your car and in your marriage should not be a public issue. Unfortunately, because you are a public figure, sometimes your private life does become public. I guess it comes with the territory and maybe youâ??re used to it by now. It still must bite, though......Of course I long for you to own your mistakes, Tiger. If you arenâ??t already, and I hope you are, man up to the pain you caused your wife and family. Let the hot searing anger she has for what you did change you, not harden you. It must be a hard road to walk, both for her dealing with what you have done, and for you, making sense of where to go from here when you are in the public eye the way you are. Stand behind your actions by way of fully admitting and acknowledging them to yourself. Donâ??t lie to yourself or pretend they arenâ??t as bad as others think or that somehow you were justified. You werenâ??t. You are reaping what you sowed, Tiger. Own it. But see, whether you acknowledge all that publicly to your fans is entirely up to you. It makes no difference to me if your public apologies are detailed or not. For it is not us you need to be apologizing to. Because you are well known does not make you accountable to the public. Share only what you want, and keep the rest private. Keep it all private, if you can. But, and I speak from painful experience here, coming entirely clean does feel good. Really good....Tonight, I am praying for restoration for your marriage. Having almost lost mine, because of my own sin and pride as well as that of my husband, I now hold redemption in marriage in such high regard....But my advice, as someone who has been there? Donâ??t hide it. Own it. Embrace it. Learn from it. Change your ways. Feel repentance. Apologize to your wife. Seek counseling, lots of it if you can. Let the searing pain and guilt and remorse you hopefully feel inspire in you to see yourself for what you are: A wretched sinner in need of forgiveness.You, your heart, and that of your wife and children are what matter. Focus on them, on saving your marriage, if that is what you want to do. And truly, my husband and I pray that it is what you want to do."""""
"""Cant wait, this guy is amazing."""
"""@thebaskett Cool.  How the fuck are you and how do you grade the Vikes' draft?"""
"""George StephanopoulosIs the son of a a Greek Orthodox Priest in ClevelandIm sure his father is not very proud of his son becoming a lacky supporting the Obama administration George has been licking the boots of democrats for years I guess the gene pool comes from that great economic power Greece They are truly economic geniusesjail is to good for him"""
"""It looks these teabaggers are going to pull out all the stops for 2012, doesn't it?"""
"""I want this. But it's not out yet. Been a while since I said that about an iPhone app."""
"""72913781 post del thiagohttp://profile.ak.fbcdn.net/hprofile-ak-ash2/276507 199950953390996 326587 n.jpg"""
"""Â You're female, gay, or both."""
"""Keep the money away from Kenny. Over Â£110 million spent and 7th in the league. ROFL"""
"""Mama Manzo is evil and she MUST be stopped! =)"""
"""before calling others stupid you gay piece of shit you should check the spelling of your own username because it seems that you forgot to complete its spelling. Dild....o? Dildo? *ur extremely gay"""
"""@Doremus Jessup 2.0 ""Little bastard shot me in the ass!"" --The Waco Kid"""
"""suck a dick pussy ass nigga bitch!!!"""
"""hey rynthih95 who the hell r  u speaking on sachin .shut up u fucking ass [[midfing]]"""
"""Soooo, what you're saying is that YOU were a bully then, and you sound like one now.With a name like ""klanman"", you must be a member of the KKK.After looking at your profile and reading some of your posts, you seem to be a vile, pathetic loser full of hate. Â Your mother must be real proud."""
"""It was never going to last with Ashton.I really hope she makes a full recovery, as she's beautiful, fiesty, confident & seems really likeable. You just know Bruce will be there for her every step of the way. It's sad to see her like this just because he got bored of the marriage. He married a woman who was approaching 50, so he knew how different it would be. He shouldn't have done it if he knew it wasn't to last. """
"""Celebrity Big Brother IS a mistake."""
"""Im a man u fan. I think de gea is a flop 4 what was paid 4 him. He has made a couple good saves. Other than that he lacks confidence and doesn't look ready 4 the prem. I think man u will need another goalie in next couple of years as se gea will get worse. """
"""hey jurbinsky your mom's a pile of garbage why don't you shut up."""
"""aside from that, they tend to run to the doctor all the time. My wife sees a doctor at least 3 or 4 times a year. Last time I saw a doctor was when I broke my hand 27 years ago."""
"""You really are a fool."""
"""I have one too! And I snagged a black and white maxi skirt from target last week! It's so comfy!! :) Where did you get your dress?"""
"""we should HOLD Holder at GITMO until he comes clean."""
"""Yea, damn those Shriners and their little cars!"""
"""@Dan tm@noBjustRyan what are you protesting?  same thing as me?"""
"""I just want to tell every parents that plz. let your daughter or son to marry their love, specially parents of a girl child must think that forcefully marry your daughter to someone stranger to her is like giving your daughter to a rapist because definition of rape is making sex with some one without her mental and physical permission. Plz. stop forcefully marring your daughter, otherwise you are doing a sin."""
"""go back to sucking your neighbors dogs dick"""
"""@atvcar  Nobody likes the messenger."""
"""Sheeps Balls?! Are you rebranding? ""Sheep's Bollocks to Poverty"" is quite a mouthfull... Did you see what I did there!!"""
"""shut the fuck up"""
"""You take the money, represent the child molester and hold your nose.  You don't try to look like you're enjoying it."""
"""Great Pin Bea. This photo just tells a story."""
"""Islam Vs. Judaism:  In 2007 Islam and Judaism's holiest holidays overlapped for 10 days.Muslims racked up 397 dead bodies in 94 terror attacks across 10 countries during this time... while Jews worked on their 159th Nobel Prize."""
"""really ? you'd better be prepared for the whole law to be trashed, and pack your bags, your leaving the white house come jan, and good the heII ridence, you commy marxist bastard !"""
"""Hey right winger ""just4thefax"", immigration isn't a ""wedge"" issue, it's a POLICY issue.Get a clue, moron."""
"""that's a brilliant comeback blowhard even though we both know she died from a brain aneurysmwould you like me to show you the link again to the story and you can act like you didn't know you racist inbred trashSLAVER TO YOUR FACE"""
"""IN THE LIAR'S OWN WORDS:Flashback 2007: Obama attacked trying u2018to hide behindexecutive privilegeu2019 CNNu2019S LARRY KING: u201cDo you favor executive privilege or should Karl Rove andothers in that like position be forced to testify before the House or Senate?OBAMA:u201cWell, you know, I think weu2019ll u2014 weu2019ll determine over the next several weekshow this administration responds to the very appropriate call by Patrick Leahy,the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, to have these individuals come in andtestify. You know, thereu2019s been a tendency on the part of this administrationto u2014 to try to hide behind executive privilege every time thereu2019s somethinga little shaky thatu2019s taking place. And I think, you know, the administrationwould be best served by coming clean on this. There doesnu2019t seem to be anynational security issues involved with the U.S. attorney question. Theredoesnu2019t seem to be any justification for not offering up some clear, plausiblerationale for why these u2014 these U.S. attorneys were targeted when, by allassessments, they were doing an outstanding job. I think the American peopledeserve to know what was going on there.u201d"""
"""@YinzerinCT Gangs of Connecticut. Solid movie."""
"""That's a dumb opinion and you are dumb for holding it."""
"""OK, that Â is fine. He still likes to suck on pinky toes.Â """
"""This is the same Obama who slandered GHW for an Executive Privilegeclaim."""
"""why dony you fuck off"""
"""@AleisterHyde The catch-phrase refers to the size of the force, easy to understand  unless you are not an idiot."""
"""too bad, they're usually pretty relevant."""
"""So they send a guy to blow up a tree and his own leg? Geniuses."""
"""@NotBornEveryMin @'Micah Carter Which sock am I supposed to reply to?"""
"""The cleverest comment that I have seen for a long time, I think that it was in the Mail 'Arshavin is the worst Russian Sub since the Kursk"""""
"""Looks like Ed Malloy is calling a foul on Ray playing D in the picture.. Classic"""
"""looks like while you guys have extended B-P with Mariners we've got Barn-Duty for you...?say we do and we do our job, y'all remember that won't ya kindly?as I always say (and feel :) good luck Texas, have at it!"""
"""and you mother was a fucker.of dogs, to prove it, bark like the dog you are"""
"""This article is porn for women. Seriously, i think this is one of the main things that woman find disappointing in a marriage/relationship with a man. You are a good person with a lucky wife!"""
"""Democrats believe the government should take care of them... republicans feel you should get off you lazy ass and make something of yourself....."""
"""You are offensive and stupid."""
"""you're an egoistic dimwitted cunt. that's why you fail in your life. don't drag others' down."""
"""I'm sure dumb-asses, like yourself, will be trolling full force under our next President...Romney.  What does ""boyhollow"" mean...or do we want to know?"""
"""You so funny. Â Direct financing or shady indirect loan. Â Both cost the taxpayer money. Â Don't say it was just a guarantee because we ended up paying off on that guarantee. Â Name the part of the constitution where it says the federal government can take our money and give it to businesses. Â Of course, we know you would blow a gasket if we took that money and did something useful with it by spending it with Lockheed or Haliburton."""
"""What the fuck?! Kane loses again?! Has he won a match since going back to wearing a mask?!"""
"""you fail at being a mother and a Marine....someone should grab your empty head and give you a killer bone crushing skull fucking in front of your father."""
"""Took my girlfriend to see it. She told me to stop jumping like a bitch :/"""
"""First off, you're not a non-drinker. I am a non-drinker and I am 1000% against this law. There are idiots in this city who should have their licenses cut in half even if they don't drink at all. I have friends who are very careful drivers with clean records and no-claim insurance histories whos civil liberties are being stripped away and people like you are letting it happen. Good for you. But Redford isn't stopping here. When YOUR rights are being stripped away, you'll be changing your tune pretty much instantly."""
"""another hot button election smoke screan. The realalty is WHO CARES.Â  The gay comminity should be allowed to have the same difficultries the rest of us go throught.Â Â  I agree with Christie put it on a ballot for the public to vote on.Â  This way repubs can do what dems do take no ownership of this.Â Â  really who cares"""
"""The comments about this sad story only proves how ""smart"" some people are in this once great nation. Kenya is an US ally and have been for years, including during W. Bush's administration. If this ""crash"" was an act of terror, this would not be the first time Kenyans faced acts of terror due to their alliance with the US. Remember the US embassy terror bombings in the late 1990's? By the way Kenya is 80% Christian and the people are not starving to death, for those who somehow believe Kenyans are all terrorist trying to destroy America because Obama's father was Kenyan. Get an education before posting ""smart"" comments about a nation you ""smart"" posters obviously know nothing about. My heart goes out to the good people of Kenya during this tragic event."""
"""fuck the judges..better stop the boxing events!"""
"""You're a bleeping idiot!!!!"""
"""You're a bum"""
"""21st Century: England - not qualified!"""
"""you're a tard"""
"""I'm not even mad. I expect this kind of drivel from him, so it's easier to just ripholes  in his 1/2 thought out theorem than to take it seriously."""
"""Yeah, like I'd let you have the last say, loser. ;)And BTW, you're a bad stalker. I don't give a phuck about pitbulls. ;D"""
"""I think he forgot that we just scored 9 runs yesterday."""
"""BudweiserB11shut up ignorant fool poland ruled over half of russia in the real times of history when guns and weapons weren't even heard of. Im sick of you ignorant idiots trying to take a shot at history ****ing loser.-------------------------------Who are you responding to? And I know what you're talking about. Byliu015bmy potu0119gu0105 z Husariu0105."""
"""Sling the term liberal around a little more because people might actually begin to believe you aren't a pro-life democrat."""
"""yes he does my dick is hard  right now  i jacked off to him and pretended that it was someone else i knew"""
"""Where are you getting your information from?"""
"""Be careful what you say. Your comment has to be approved now by unelected hypocrites in Washington."""
"""You are stupid"""
"""I liked the Cersei arc in book 4, the rest of it was fairly forgettable."""
"""for whatever reason, I'm not nervous, I have confidence we'll play WELL, Win or Lose....GO OKC!!!!"""
"""You are a fucking retard...before doing shit like that won't you consider the other person and how they got violated in to their privacy...go to fucking hell"""
"""Conservatives are social leeches and the scum of the earth."""
"""Iran has already done it by proxy.  You have no idea what a brutal regime this is."""
"""Joe Paterno let an accused Pedophile roam the campuses free....when Sandusky was charged in 1998....Paterno simply let him ""retire""----and why did no other college in the NATION try to recruit Sandusky? Because they KNEW he was dirty filthy pedophile...yet Paterno continue to befriend him...even letting him use the locker rooms...so that...another boy could be ANAL RAPED in the locker rooms of Penn State....Ask yourself...why would Paterno even CONSIDER letting a Man (friend or not)----back on campus after accused of being a Pedophile?!?! Unless Paterno didn't care? Paterno is just as much to blame..was his stupid decision to let the man back on campus after a D.A. was investigating and continuing to investigate Sandusky up until 2005 when the D.A. went missing and is presumed DEAD (oh and his laptop and hard drive were destroyed too...can you say cover up?!!"""
"""i like dbz better, but your opinion counts too."""
"""What Hinckley was doing is called fudging. He knew all right but he knew how it would look to admit to it."""
"""You'll be not waiting foerever."""
"""There's a book out which tracks Art Rooney's path from bootlegging and gamling to the NFL..I only point this out to illustrate how money and time can make perceived deficiencies evaporate."""
"""But Bellinski you are a Jewish Feigle yourself !"""
"""Stopped caring about my penis size once it became apparent to me the only person that I have to please is myself.If my dick gets wet why does it matter if she has a good time or not? Yes my small penis has turned me into an inconsiderate dick, but it's either that or crying about it like a school girl all day."""
"""Don't you wish you weren't so fat and could dance too?"""
"""I still think Fabian Solutions is an in-house creation to provoke more posts - I can't believe any human being, even a fifth form Leftist, could be such a mollusc"""
"""Attention women. If you are being followed/stalked late at night and your stalker starts a confrontation. Don't fight back because if you do and start to beat the heII out of your stalker they can pull a gun a shoo t you. Then claim self defense."""
"""Are you stebbers?"""
"""@daredevil241  @tomislavgrujic yea well when you do make sure you punch him with your right hand otherwise it might not be authentic enough for him"""
"""I didn't, these replies didn't end up together with the original comments!"""
"""We are creating another whole segment of society that will never work again by extending unemployment.Â  Who even would hire someone who had not worked in 2-3 years.Â  After 2-3 years most people are unfit to work mentally.Â  The real hustlers went out and got a job, even if it was less than what they were used to.Do you people hear the roar!?!?Â  Our country is rushing towards the waterfall!Â  Look at what is happening is Greece!Â  What makes me mad is obuma may not be able to stop us from going over the falls but he could cushion the blow yet all he thinks about is getting re-elected!Not much time left for us!"""
"""No people like you are the problem we are having in this world."""
"""Must really suck to be black. What a toxic, vile culture."""
"""You put your left foot out.........."""
"""Hey my team is 9 games under .500 and my fans think were the best team, what team am I?"""
"""Yeah, because the other nations in the world that have legalized gay marriage have had so many cases of people wanting to marry sheep OH WAIT THEY HAVEN'T.Â  You fail at life."""
"""Hmmm...You claim that ""Iranians ...have not started a war in 200 years.""Yet I clearly recall a series of seemingly never-ending wars between Iran and Iraq in the latter part of the last century, so who started those wars?Just curious."""
"""Last I checked the constitution still said ""All men are created equal"", even the gay ones. Â How would straight folks feel if their right to marry was taken away? Â Come on. Â Fair is fair and equality is equally. Â Â Everyone should have the same opportunities as the rest of us. Just because you don't agree with the lifestyle doesn't give anyone in a fee country the right to force that opinion on others. Â We spout freedom as our most treasured of ideas yet we want to limit the freedom of some individuals. Â That is what doesn't make sense. Â If you don't agree with gay marriage, don't be in one. Â But don't restrict someone else from conducting their lives as they wish. Â That kind of control is communism."""
"""Big Deal Libturd... go crawl back under your rock..."""
"""Still waiting for you to put your money where your mouth is, coward."""
"""Because of biblical prophecy, which speaks of two distinct camps emerging within the Middle East in our day, we know a divorce is coming between the two.Â One camp is prophesied to be led by Iran, the other to include Syria. These two are destined to play very different roles in the sequence of end-time events that lead up to Jesus Christâ??s Second Coming. Syria is the keystone of the pro-Iran axis. Weakening the Assad regime, to say nothing of its collapse, would be a blow to Iran, Hamas and Hezbollah.Â  Syrian opposition chief has already pledged to cut military ties with Iran should he come to power.Â  It is God, the God of Abraham, Issiac and Jacob who is lining up all these chess pieces, not our feckless government or the UN."""
"""If it has to be explained, then you are too stupid to understand. Leftist fool."""
"""He had a democratic congress at first and still got nothing done. Even his Hollywood friends are jumping ship."""
"""it won't matter what the ""official"" count is, if paul gets enough votes to go ahead of mitt romney that's enormous. that could blow romney's campaign completely out of the water. and that could happen, with the people in washington county now aware the whole world is watching."""
"""Yes you need to understand how your guy sucked off taxpayers all his life and will till the day he dies."""
"""@mstoogood4yall: wel, you negro's are a TARGET in america you know. you're just a bullseye for the white people to target you."""
"""Oh NO! Somebody DELETED my comment. You all KNOW the RULE: 1 delete = 50 REPOSTS. Here we go:#38 Bill O is furious that Obama isn't getting the US more involved in the fuckedup places in the world. You know Internationalist Rubish Murdouchebag signs his paycheck funded by Internationalist Saudi ROYAL Aldickweed. Yeah Bill get the tea-tards stirred up the US is not playing Murdouchebag-Aldickweeds agenda like the Bushies. Ron Paul was right about you foxtarrds."""
"""What is the point of switching between accounts?Just so you know, you are being software tracked.Its useless you stupid imbecile. """
"""make room for your 3rd roommate in Dot...."""
"""Wait, a republican Senator had an affair, WITH A WOMAN???  I thought those guys just hit on other men in public toilets..?  Yeesh - go figure."""
"""Do you feel less sorry now that you made us realize how stupid you are?"""
"""@Honus The Dude Sneed @Hihoze Big 12 fans were angry."""
"""Sorry, you are wrong again and as usual."""
"""Quit yelling, you tedious old hack.&nbsp; Why do you care anyway? You made up your mind ages ago, things like ""facts"" and ""new information"" and ""nuance"" don't matter to you, you effing link whore."""
"""Forreal Black - You are an A-HOLE"""
"""Let BaseGod fuck your bith man...Let him purge you of that Hate."""
"""@SocialMedia411 New Twitter Brand Pages: http://t.co/pX2n02qY II  Interesting to see merchants - thought leaders or just sales people?"""
"""two words....WHO CARES.....Needs to sort his prepubescent face out bless him..has she been made to sign the sex offenders register?  Silly girl"""
"""bitch fuck A e-thug,MOTHER FUCKER im A cold hearted SHAOLIN MONK,and believe me when i tell you THIS,I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN !!!"""
"""Â lmfao hahaha good one with russias out dated military and china's half as stolen technology i dont even think they can kick taiwans ass combines go watch more of your chinese propaganda videos and stop killing TibetansÂ  """
"""You're a fucking joke."""
"""No problem. Give them all the money they demand and put up fares to cover it, making plain to all passengers what the fare rises are for.The results should be interesting."""
"""Hardly.  We can export all the arms we want legally.How ridiculous of you to compare the two."""
"""fucking idiots"""
"""Probably one of the few good things this year is Humphries production.He has stayed at a consistent level from last year and that helps,but I don't see him as a starter in a good team. A rotation player yes,but we should still look to resign him because  he wants to be here and that is what we need in a player."""
"""http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpSU3xH4MJA Moar Green Day."""
"""henri? Your a gutter moron and the lies you sprew mean nothing. You're an inept lil' piece of garbage that no one takes seriously. You're just in here to get the attention you lack in real life scooter. You're quite pathetic"""
"""you are amazzzzing! Give up your full time job and START PAINTING AGAIN1  These are remarkable!"""
"""Just like Huff Bochy thinks Theriot  a player coming from a WS is an asset"""
"""Oh no, not Bimbo T. Baggins on the TV again. And evil Gandalf the Red-Nosed Snotzi. It is very difficult for me to watch their sneering faces. Look at the picture - they are sneering at immigrants. There is not a doubt in my mind that Sarah Moose-Muffins would carpet-bomb Mexico if she were President. Good thing we have a rule you can't be born in Hell and need an IQ of past 5 to be President. KKKKKalamity Jane for President? No way! Who wants a White House that stinks of moose droppings and offal? Plus there's the sneering."""
"""FAGGOT ARE NOTHING BUT FILTH.  THE ONLY THING I AGREE WITH THE MUD-SLIMES ON.  STONE THE F I LTHY FAGS  TO THE DEATH,.  NUFFFFFF   SAIDDDDDDDDDD"""
"""@nyykrg21 that's about how long it took me.. it all works fine like the install but i'm having trouble with having Siri work after I say ""Hi Siri"" """
"""Jasamoah25And what message does it give to other 'terror' suspects if the UK are this soft to let him stay? Oh yes, we become a terrorist haven. Good one."""
"""Racist trash.  You are the lowest level of humanity."""
"""Very sorry I mentioned it.  Just keep bitching here where you are SURE it will amount to nothing."""
"""If the motherfucking communist murderers in media, education and unions hush up the fact that Soetero-Dunham is a foriegn saboteur, they will certainly not be helpful now - jackasses !"""
"""your WS a fluke"""
"""No, but you can't just treat someone like a piece-of-shit just because you think your shit don't stink.  No one is above the law, so by law you have the right to ask a person to leave your property if they are disturbing the peace or damaging property, or stealling."""
"""What ever make's you sleep better at night ."""
"""just finished reading the breaker and they truly killed the ending.. that was disappointing. The famous 9-dragon got his ass whooped. I don't know if I want to start reading new waves based on all the reviews."""
"""Jesus just told me you're probably gay and love come more than this priest. """
"""So are you a Letterman fan, or not?"""
"""I have long been a Tuck fan and I weas most disturbed during those times that he was asigned to the two's. Shane you are a GUN IN THIS TEAM and you  deseerve all the accolades that you  recieve this year. You have your old man's pedigree so I hope to see you playing for many more years to come."""
"""You must be talking about obama and holder."""
"""Sorry only got white ghetto in me."""
"""They will have to move him or risk letting him walk for nothing."""
"""... except the People's Republic of California."""
"""I would like to see EVERYTHING in japan. yes everything because I am dying to go japan soon. but im afraid that I dont know japanese. Can you tell us your itinerary?? any hotel reccomend ? shop that couldnt miss... and japanese culture =) heheetwitter is @rumtumcat"""
"""He didn't say he was freestyling, WSHH fucked up. Give that young man his due credit."""
"""what ?! you no need kpop friends when you go to kpop concerts ... you'll eventually meet some in the arena or just fucking have the greatest night a kpop fan would have.. no one will care if you scream all by ur self...   HAHA! DREAM CONCERT vs why the fuck i would care if im alone. HAHA!"""
"""God bless you, Sir!"""
"""WTF KIM KWANG SOO THATS MOSTLY T-ARA MONEY U FUCKING LEECH"""
"""YEAH YOU'RE RIGHT, NO ONE SHOULD EVER TRY TO RESIST BEING SENT TO AN UNJUST WAR BY CORRUPT LEADERS. EVENTUALLY THEY WILL LEARN THAT IT'S WRONG TO DO THAT, AND UNTIL THEN WE SHOULD ALL JUST SHUT OUR MOUTHS AND ""SUPPORT THE TROOPS""  USA! USA! USA! USA! USA!"""
"""or a dead blow!"""
"""i fucking love peanuts"""
"""You have a really strange way of demonstrating your intelligence and your supposed education."""
"""When does an accident become an accident, such a question is best answered by the victim of such a misfortune. I bet if the victim happened to be your most loved one your perception of an accident would be totally different especially when you know there is arrogance on the part of these motorcade free riders. Would you in such a situation call yourself an idiot"""
"""Here he is out of character where he mentions why he won't let his kids watch Colbert Report. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DNvJZCFpdp8"""
"""LOL I usually don't care for their announcers but that was good."""
"""Amazing how Romney's wealth is such a problem for you, yet you do not care that John Kerry's yacht is still parked across the boarder to avoid his taxes."""
"""Well guys, it has been fun. I enjoyed the friendship (really needed it) even if the Royals proved once again a disappointment."""
"""Geez you two sound like a gossip circle."""
"""The Muslim Brotherhood has been in the USA for a hundred years. I liken them to say...............The Masons ................The Knights of Columbus......."""
"""Kan Shi -I am working with Wayne Travis - My email address dwmatthew@yahoo.com - Would like to contact you regarding this discussion, Thanks Dave"""
"""I like him.  I don't think we can blame him for everything from bird droppings to flat tires."""
"""The KKK have gotten good at cleaning up roadsides because they get so many DWI's."""
"""lmao i love how kakashi keeps stopping yamato from comfronting naruto. i realize something shippuden is all about sasuke."""
"""Il ponte sullo stretto, la maddalena, la new town di L'Aquila, l'expo 2012, le olimpiadi, gli europei e via dicendo..."""
"""Well, he did say ""not one"". That's still true, so he wasn't actually lying..."""
"""You should change your name to just dumb guy, since you know nothing."""
"""@Nonstopdrivel I just signed up for some new Cent-ipad program they're starting."""
"""It's a commentary piece, douche-bag. Read before you open your stink-hole."""
"""so basically you are an id iot who just repeats what maddow and rev al have to say."""
"""In pittsburgh pussy ass cops woulda started shooting and killed a innocent by stander... North Philly niggas dgaf n der cops is soft. . . round here nigga put a glock to your head and not think for a second before blasting your face in nl99@!"""
"""The karma and lies are ketching up to him."""
"""50 so promptly stated that he was going to release his album in the first week of July with or without the assistance of his label. Regardless of all the promotions and marketing and what not, he was going to release his final LP at Interscope. And he was adamant about it. That's about 3 weeks from now. In 3 weeks, artists almost ALWAYS have out at least the first two singles of an album and the tracklisting with features and production. This mother fucker still doesn't even have a fucking TITLE! An album allegedly due in 3 weeks, without a single, tracklisting, producers, album art, and a goddamn title. Fuck these videos, 50. If you really care about hip hop and your fans like you claim you do, you'd focus on your fucking album..."""
"""Get a brain transplant....see sense...granny"""
"""@Coach P @pastert33 I do agree on Herrera. I love the way he plays ball. You realize next year we may have Jenkins, JHC, Foster and Herrera as our starting 4."""
"""@ikathyv don't ever say amazaballs ever again"""
"""Why are you yelling? you made bro?"""
"""Weak ass nigga doe. You can hit a weak bitch, and not even defend yoself against another strong bitch (although it was an awefully big ass strong ass bitch) but so what!"""
"""Miamis first excuse on the airplane home.We were without Bosh."""
"""you left off the BRO"""
"""<p>According to members of the Australian community, he is not the only molester to end up in the United States after Australian community leaders failed to report them to legal authorities. Other molesters fled the country more recently as suspicion of abuse fell on them, community members say. It is said that they frequent the same American internet site as Nanabozoh.<p>The Forward has learned that at least two suspected molesters from the Australian Jewish community are living in the United States while they are under investigation in Australia.<span style="""">Read more:<span>&nbsp;</span><a href=""http://forward.com/articles/151505/child-sex-abuse-scandal-in-australias-jewish-commu/?p=all#ixzz1yIC3WHXV"">http://forward.com/articles/151505/child-sex-abuse-scandal-in-australias-jewish-commu/?p=all#ixzz1yIC3WHXV</a></span>"""
"""The rogue make an empty face, doesn't understand what a dog want. Free is  not giving up, he try harder pulling Jetro's sleeve and point his nose  at Vlad."""
"""@Rushedoye si la gente paga 5 euros para probar un juego pues a ti que mierda te importa asi cuando salga el juego pues los que compramos esa beta opinaremos del juego ya sabes comprar, probar, dar opinion eso que suele hacer la gente, no como tu que defendias al Swtor ni tenias beta, ni tenias juego y ni tenias nada , que eres como los politicos te sueltan una charla de 1 hora y no dice basicamente nada asi eras tu con el Swtor http://www.livefyre.com/profile/1744539/ miro y ni reviews, ni opiniones , ni nada ,eres un troll penoso"""
"""Manu was cleared by doctors for minor basketball work with his hand."""
"""not to mention all the LAME BROTHER IN-LAWS she'll be getting"""
"""I'll stick a tea bag up your azz."""
"""disgraceful mother,why did you bother have a baby? it is like having a new accessories not a baby."""
"""I'm a strong woman, not a 'strong black woman' I won't be doing everything all alone... Why do you think men are here? ... To get things from the top shelf and open jars. I'm cautious of everything I do, because their are some things that can be prevented."""
"""they did describe the color of the gun"""
"""fuck your god."""
"""Are you retarded? The family are suing hustler because they DIDN'T want those pictures published. Try reading the story properly before accusing a family of 'cashing in' on their dead relative."""
"""nou0301i hay thâu0323t, K-Pop ko u0111au0301ng u0111êu0309 hâm môu0323 nhu01b0 MJ ???Cou0301 u0103n cou0301 hou0323c nên fau0301t biêu0309u cho cou0301 muôu0301i tiu0301 u0111i au0323, nhiu0300n lau0323i bau0309n thân tru01b0u01a1u0301c khi nou0301i ra, ô nhuu0323c, CÂU CHUYÊu0323N Vu0102N HOu0301A sao ??? =]]~ chiu0309 bik nhiu0300n mu0103u0323t tiêu cu01b0u0323c vau0300 u0111em ra xiu0309 xou0301, tiu0301ch cu01b0u0323c ko cou0301 sao ??? công bu0103u0300ng u0111em u0111âu hêu0301t rôu0300i ??? chiu0309 bik u0111em ctôi ra xiu0309 xou0301 fan of n~ nhou0301m khau0301c thiu0300 sao ??? VIP, Sone, nhiu0300u nhou0301m khau0301c nu01b0u0303a..... hou0323 ko cuôu0300g idol of hou0323 sao ??? mu01a1u0301i u0111ây cou0300n u0111au0323i nhau0323c hôu0323i Viêu0323t - Hau0300n giu01a1u0300 lau0323i u0111em ra soi mou0301i ? nau0303o hou0323 cou0301 châu0301t xau0301m ko vâu0323y ??? mau0300 thôi cuu0303ng chiu0309 u0111u01b0u0300ng viu0300  ""CON SÂU LAu0300M RÂu0300U NÔu0300I CANH"" mau0300 suy nghiu0303 wau0301 nhiu0300u, mu0103u0323c kêu0323 vau0300 pu01a1 nhau u0111i au0323 =]]~"""
"""she would do anything for her little girl u bastered u dont kno shit."""
"""Fuck you Luther Abel"""
"""Life, motherfucker. Lmfao gets me every time."""
"""OMG now I feel sorry for you that was just pitful.Enough trying to converse with trailer park formaldehyde damaged brains.Step outside once and a while people"""
"""Yup obama, change is hard huh?  You nbever thought that this many Americans cared for their country the way they do.  True Americans will never convert to communism punk."""
"""Les.Grossman.Packer fans are butt hurt, that's why. 2 minutes ago"""
"""You certainly are as 'right wing' as they come, aren't you?Â  Way to blow your own cover.Â  Do you know what Romney's best quality is?Â  He's NOT Obama.Â  For someone who lectures on gender tolerance, you sure like to bash others' religions.Â  I thought I smelled a hypocrite in our midst."""
"""UncoolOlga nigga please i'm a girl you're a dog jaden is mine"""
"""Notice the crickets chirping in response to my question, tidelander.  The more I chase these two the more they run away.  Perhaps because they have no idea what they are talking about."""
"""lol you morons think im black ? nope im same like you boeti only think is i hate you racist batards :)"""
"""Don't give up Billy - you were so close."""
"""Hahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!!  Hahahahahaha!!!! Good one porno.  I used to think somewhat like him when I was young. Pretty insane,huh?"""
"""Kennedys where sure man whores."""
"""You're wonderful just the way you are!"""
"""Trust me - she is a bitch - and awesome - and cool - and opinionated - and strong - and not afraid of being judged -and beautiful.  She's FOR REAL. What you see is what you get.  Not some cardboard, superficial bullshit, hope you like this type of blog entertainment.  Who puts 'My blog will melt your face off' but still gets laughs and votes?  It's entertainment and what you expect from ""typical design blogging"" (aka: edu-tainment).  I think it's good.  I love it.  (And I don't know shit about design)"""
"""just go away because you get dumber by the day. You probably even foegt where the subject began dumb dumb"""
"""Actually, I read through your comments in DISQUS, sonny.  If y'all are a ""moderate"" then Barack is a conservative.  And there is far more evidence of Obama's Kenyan birth than that fake crap from Hawaii.  From his OWN lyin' mouth as well as his fat sow of a wife pie hole as well.  Moderate, mt ass...."""
"""wow your just as dumb as look"""
"""@Rourke needs to give me a fucking like  @bpalton007  Admittedly it was a pretty shitty picture. He was really small in it. Had a Packers jersey on though."""
"""yea right, im sure they are all gonna meet up on the M56 for tea and scones, then have a frriendly game of foota in stanley park and be taking pics of each other before heading to their respective ends. """
"""So drinking at 14 is considered ""normal"" now.... I bet you think you're just such a cool kid eh?<s>Your generation is so fucked</s>"""
"""LOL Why would you even bother with this low rent white trash, Mama? You remember what Forest said. ""Stupid is as stupid does."" Even ""Daddy"" can't save that little girl from this one."""
"""Best MMO that will be out in 2012.  It will be niche however, because 90% of MMO gamers are clickers and lazy gamers and this game does not support clickers and the lazy crowd."""
"""@pokecheck   @orby glass 1 - ex pen 0"""
"""Hey EC, did you get that email I sent you yesterday?"""
"""He guilty you ignorant azz! He doesn't have to worry about it anyway because he'll never be in the hall of fame"""
"""ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK ELECTRu03dfC SHOCK"""
"""Don't forget McCann was the reason National League broke the losing streak. ;)"""
"""How dreadful to besmirch the reputation of a beautiful young lady by claiming such a outrageous thing.  And anyway it cannot possibly be true, as you have no doubt already decided............ because she was in bed with me at the time!"""
"""In which part of the song was there autotune?JUST BECUASE A SONG IS UPBEAT DOES NOT MEAN ITS AUTOTUNED.GET FUCKING EARS!Seriously dude, I AM THE BEST did not, in any way, have autotune in it.It had AFFFECTS, but NO AUTOTUNE.If you ""beg to differ"" you clearly an idiot."""
"""Of course Aybbar is the one that gets the outHe sucks"""
"""Obama can't stand up to being vetted.  That's why the POS sealed his records.  You don't evenko who that loser in the white house really is."""
"""Well you just lost all credibility when you said you were a student of Limbaugh University! Now you are just a TROLL! Nobody cares what you think or say, you are being flagged every time you post one of your degrading comments! Enjoy while it lasts!"""
"""man da chocolate nigga CANNOT SUCK DICK if i was on true's dick he would be shakin i promise dat bruh dam true is sooo phyne!!!!"""
"""Doesn't seem that secret to the rest of us."""
"""Washington's state legislature is about to approve same-sex marriage.  Supporters here anticipate a referendum vote this fall that will attempt to repeal this law.  Despite being the only state where a referendum to repeal (same rights as marriage) domestic partnership, the outcome of this vote is uncertain.  As one of the few states that already have all marriage rights granted to domestic partners, yesterday's decision could add to the basis for overturning such a referendum in federal court."""
"""To duxburian:  Well, Eisenhower and the man behind him is John Foster Dullus, I do not know who the Asian man is.  So what ??  Do you have any point to make ?  Do you like to play picture I. D. ?  In all due respect to you duxburian a lot of your posts are puzzling as to what point you are trying make."""
"""Please site that source, considering over half of americans think gay marraige should be legal"""
"""Lawrence O'Douche? Rachel Bulldyke? Is that you?   SOOOOO   EXCITING!!!"""
"""Oh my, they blow up so fast."""
"""@...PetrsMailbox @SidneyCatsby BOOM"""
"""You are bang on the money. Fox News is just as bad as Media Matters if not worse but BOTH sides see themselves as the saints and the other as the devil. Fox News running this story amuses me very much."""
"""<cite>Exactly how often did your daddy räpe you? Weekly Hourly?You're easily the most depressingly buttf++ked piece of shite ever to vomit their halfassed moronic excuses for the English language on this site.  You think you're being clever, but your grasp of colloquialisms and sarcasm are hilariously pathetic. You're a fool. Your posts are puerile and you personally have no value.  Nobody here likes you. Héll, nobody here even <i>tolerates you</i>. If these people could recognize you on the street they would spit on you. My best guess is you're the result of unprotected buttsex between your mother and the family dog.  An abomination with no justifiable reason to exist.Now do us all a huge favor and <b>go fuckyourself with a chainsaw</b>, ""Sparky"".  Slowly and painfully.Everyone! Blow this pathetic Obamatroll <i>a big sticky sphincter kiss!!!</i>MMMMMMMWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!</b>u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026./´¯/)u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026..,/¯../u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026./u2026./u2026u2026u2026u2026./´¯/'u2026'/´¯¯`·¸u2026u2026u2026./'/u2026/u2026./u2026u2026./¨¯u2026u2026..('(u2026´u2026´u2026. ¯~/'u2026')u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026..'u2026../u2026u2026..u2026u2026.....u2026u2026.  .·´u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026u2026..(u2026u2026u2026u2026..u2026u2026u2026u2026.</cite>"""
"""@Lasers  @ThunderChick2010  @Lost Ones And I still have zero.. I started a like fest last weekend that got me up tow 105, but that has since disappeared! I feel shamed."""
"""nah, then I'll just end up back where I started."""
"""Closed courts are going on up and down the country... more widely used in family courts to hide state kidnapping of children....Please look in to state kidnapping you will be surprised by the large number of allegations and widespread cases."""
"""I suggest trout from a pond that you keep yourself."""
"""How many times have i heard watch out ipad or ipod and shit never happens. Its cuz you dont know it but Apple stays 5 steps ahead at all times!!!!"""
"""I guess because it's taking the Lord's name in vain, which is offensive to Christians? Whatever. Fuck the internet! It's getting too PC D:<"""
"""you are just an idiot blabbermouth that is gonna get stopped HARD one day! You WILL NOT be saved."""
"""We always balance the budget on the backs of the military.Â  The problem is that it is not the military that is the largest expense.Â  it is the other government workers who produce nothing.Â  They only suck up taxpayer money.Â  They make nothing and contribute only more regulations on how those of us who work shoud be taxed etc.The military defends the country while the government worker defends his right to a parking slot at the federal building so he can get a bigger check."""
"""How did  this country elect so many crazies?  What is going on in America?  We used to be proud of this Country because we had something to be proud of, but now!!!  All we have are a few good people and a bunch of crazies!  Is there something in our water?  What is happening to the people in this country that makes them act like scott, brewer, walker etc?"""
"""bosh is ready they just dont need him to play"""
"""Fuck, I wanted to hate this so bad."""
"""If she had an expired Visa, she should have gotten a MasterCard."""
"""Â You obviously have NO CLUE who Ronald Reagan was----you pathetic ignorant puke"""
"""sorry you are right"""
"""@SaintMarty  @Flip  @akus TWSS"""
"""breakfast with the monks at 5.30  ......  that IS different"""
"""Mo0rtlib, you are a dumbkopf. What kind of dessert (sic) is it in? Prickly pear pie? Tell humans to move? You arrogant elitist moron."""
"""No need to prove you don't have a reasoned response by replying."""
"""Have any of yours stopped ogling each other long enough to evolve past monosyllables and cute attempts to use vocabulary you don't understand?"""
"""@BabaPuppe: thats right negro, run off the site because you are no match for me anyway. only ""PU"" to the ""C"" like you is no match for me."""
"""I like the cover that is a keyboard. Good idea. Hopefully it will be better than the nokia windows 8 phone. Okay, but not great."""
"""white people fuck like this; black people fuck like this"""
"""Plants also have a right to life!Don't kill or eat the vegetables!They are living beings!Animals have souls!?Prove that scientifically beyond any doubt!Humans have souls?!Prove that scientifically beyond any doubt!LMAO!"""
"""@Natesweet  @Preparation A in fairness they both have a fair point LKP has shown an inability to be objectionable when it comes to the Lions, and Drivel can get a bit preachy at times, but at the same time all the people that write these articles at least deserve the respect that you read the article before making a snap judgement"""
"""Like you Know Fck Face."""
"""Posted at 08:45 AM ET, 06/07/2012Obama is killing the Democratic PartyBy Jennifer RubinPresident Obama, I have frequently argued, has been fabulous for the conservative movement. He spurred the creation of the tea party. He helped the GOP win the House majority in 2010 and make big gains in the Senate. His Obamacare has helped revive the Commerce Clause and given a boost to conservative jurisprudence. His refusal to support human rights has caused a bipartisan revulsion and reminded us that foreign policy must be girded by American values. Heu2019s sent independents running into the GOPu2019s arms. Heu2019s forced conservatives to think hard and express eloquently principles of religious liberty, limited government, free markets and Constitutional democracy.Obama also has wreaked havoc in the the Democratic Party. Heu2019s firmly affixed the u201ctax and spendu201d label to it after Bill Clinton declared that the era of big government was over. Heu2019s made Clinton into a pitch man for Mitt Romney. His rejection of the Keystone XL pipeline has split the party. His refusal to adopt the Simpson-Bowles commissionu2019s recommendations has turned Democrats into reactionaries, defending the status quo on entitlements. Heu2019s alienated Jewish voters. Heu2019s re-McGovernized the party, which now stands for appeasing despotic powers, turning on allies and slashing defense spending.(Pack it up dude, your eviction notice will be delivered in November)"""
"""Yeah, rising prices and cut food stamps before you tax the rich.  Now THAT'S fucking rich.  What they give a family now doesn't feed them for a month and the families need to use the food banks to supplement."""
"""Who is the real idiot, Dogtwon or me ? You have to pick one you know. Everybody can't be the stupidest person you talk to unless you talk to yourself. You asked for this with your lovely comments on how stupid everyone is that didn't vote for Ron Paul.What did he wind u with ? Last place and about 3 percent of the vote ? So 97 % of the other primary voters are all stupid morons and you are enlightened ?"""
"""Who gives a rat's rump what Geithner says or thinks? Really! He has proven to be an incompetent Obama puppet and his failures are stacking up faster than pancakes when Rosie O'Donnell raids her local Waffle House. This guy is going down faster than Janet Napolitano when Elena Kagan comes to visit. (Sorry for the visual. It made me puke too)."""
"""God is not a Republican, nor an American, nor a Conservative"""
"""We  remain happy with our choices - have been quite sure that you are not settled."""
"""There is nothing equal about a hetrosexual marriage and a gay marriage. You can't compare apples to oranges. One was created by God the other by man. So enjoy your new freedom for it means nothing."""
"""If <i>both</i> of you are dirt poor."""
"""She is a lawyer.  Nurses don't tend to turn around and go to law school, you stupid ass"""
"""u buy shoes so people say they look BAD? nigga please dont think u so special u dont want ppl giving you compliments on your fresh gear, fuck outta here dumb nigga"""
"""Holyshit your an idiot.  Coming from a Boston fan.  You need to get a life and give respect where it's due.  Something like ""Good job Miami, great series, you guys are better, that's why you won."""""
"""fake as hell. its illegal to even put a cam in a bathroom. dumb fucks"""
"""truthfully your logic with the ""1/5"" and the ""political statement"" just made everyone a little bit more dumb on this article comment section. In fact you are probably in the ""1 and 5 ""  (the bullshit irrelevant statistical fact you made up) group. Put the remote down and read a book, retard."""
"""Buenas, como afiliados que somos te dejo el enlace a la traducciÃ³n en Guild Wars 2 Spain: http://www.guildwars2-spain.com/guild-wars-2/articulos/350-orgullo-salvaje-de-los-jotun"""
"""FUCK YOU NEWSDAY."""
"""I would have been hard pressed not to empty the full mag. into the little black angel."""
"""@memphisdawg this is part of what the NCAA was talking about making a requirement. right now, scholarships are one year renewable scholarships, making it easier for scumbags like saban to release a kid. some school are going ahead nd offering these four year schollys. i think the Big 10 was pushing their schools to do this."""
"""Put them on the line... (I smell a rat)."""
"""Another way to say that is that you live in a Nation where you are as free to believe ridiculous and silly things.  Andf to try to force them on other people unless they stop you."""
"""I have a transformer prime and hate it, almost everything positive you read about this tablet is untrue.Not fast or responsive (AT ALL)terrible build quality, I had to send it back to ASUS because of dead pixels and defective screenhorrible wifi signal quality, cant get a decent lock on the other side of my tiny houseand I love android and ICS, but every app on the prime has lockup and crash issues CONSTANLYfucking terrible device from a terrible manufacturer, go for Samsung, fuck ASSUS"""
"""Your notion that you are sexually abused because you are hitting on newcomers and want to be justified in that sounds exactly like the pathology of a predator. Better check yourself."""
"""Oh dear, the poor deludec spuds fans are mouthing off.Come back in 6 weeks spuds fans, after your team has dropped like a stone back to where it belongs. Spurs - The LITTLE club in a flat-pack MFI stadium - LOL"""
"""mandingo just stop. now you are claiming cotto has no balls. go learn the sport."""
"""Nana I got my first pair of NB shoes a few months ago and and they have really worked out well for me."""
"""FUCK ALLA YALL YMCB TAKEOVER WEEZY JUST TIRED OF THE BEEF DAS WHY HE SAID THAT http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5n7oA Kk1IQ"""
"""I don't see nobody beating the heat four times..."""
"""Whoever checked ""libertarian"" has been hitting the bath salts."""
"""Like I said, I liked the VIDEO! Not the song...obviously your mama is a DUMB OLD BITCH! She didn't teach you the first amendment?Â Roman Darling...Soft ass nigga... hahah!!!!"""
"""Thats what you call there a fucking mexican 100% there for you niggers & crackers"""
"""You are a fool."""
"""No viene presionado...???Decir esos despues que la prensa lo hizo pedazos por el juego contra Guyana.Hmmmmmmm"""
"""This article isn't only talking about the rape.  It's talking about what happens to the victim of a rape among her own family.  ""You had some nerve to allow yourself to be brutally raped and tortured by those five grown men.  You have brought shame to this family and we will do everything in our power to have you ostracized and even killed."""""
"""It's amazing to me that there are so many DUPES out there that buy into the LIES the GOP puts out.. ESPECIALLY the proposition that the ""rabble"" consistently manage to vote AGAINST their OWN, BEST INTERESTS so that, when THEY eventually become ""billionaires"" (a foregone conclusion in their fevered minds), they will THANK the GOP for u201csavingu201d them the u201chorrible responsibilitiesu201d that paying their FAIR SHARE of taxes would mandate. One less mansion..One less yacht..One less limousine..That somehow, by EMPOWERING THE RICH AND THE CORPORATE INTERESTS to HOARD more of their wealth, that they might ""get in"" on that wealth THEMSELVES.. That VOTING for those whose PUTRID POLICIES had sent their OWN JOBS overseas, THEY somehow will ""win in the end"".Delusional.Pathetic."""
"""You missed some bran in your diet. :-)"""
"""@jakesnake99 @skywaker9 (David) There's enough Rhino for the both of you."""
"""She can act like she thinks she's perfect and be a naive bitch ;)"""
"""Never said anything derogatory about having tattoos, only posting the one on your ass on Facebook.  And quit trying to pretty up what you say, you wanna say whore...say whore... I've never been a gardening implement."""
"""Are you insane?"""
"""... and you're no human, your worthless pieceofch*t."""
"""Again why are you talking about Heat fans instead of the actual team?"""
"""yes you are right.....................100%....CBI: Congress Bachao Institution..."""
"""screaming, yelling, broken plays and winning Steelers frist half of the seasons"""
"""Why don't you order a copy of ""hooked on phonics"", ""tell your blacks peoples"", black don't need an ""s"", and people is plural, you know what that mean don't you? You've spent so much time learning so much crap to pump yourself up, like thinking your better ,and know so much, that you forgot to learn correct diction. You called my people pitiful, you're the pitiful one, you should go back up into the caves of the caucasus mts. where your kind originated, living like the animal that is still in you, you're not ready to live around civilized people."""
"""But they don't want any of them living in their community."""
"""Laffin?  You don't laugh at anything you jihadist puke."""
"""You are a day late and a dollar short."""
"""HahahahahahahahaThe fucking dyke deserved it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! A bit ofÂ  karmic payback forall the degeneracy & misandry that lesbo feminists have inflictedupon the Western world. That degenerate dyke bitch that's still alive should not subject the rest of us to her{?} disgusting emotional diarrhea over her{?} fat dead land whale. Our world would be far better off were it not polluted by degenerate lesbo feminist pieces of shit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"""Some of the comments I read here are so-so lame.  White people just want the world to be so fair now.  But over the course of their hundreds and hundreds of years of opression, death and fear it was ok.  American White people hung people cut off their private parts and took pictures with their kids and family around these dead bodies singing in the wind (a truly sick mind state; your kids). They created tricks and illegal laws and rules to get ahead in America for hundreds of years; they raped and killed destorying families and now because a person makes a choice to go to all black school where a teacher ca see a black student for themselves, or gets a interview when a white doesn't its reverse racism. WHITE PEOPLE until you lived another's history stop crying and get off your high horse!"""
"""how people bring a story about a sandwich into a conversation about religion, abortion, and rape is beyond me, but that being said....HEY GOVERNMENT!!!Â  Stay out of my kid's lunch box.Â  If I want my kid to eat paste and looseleaf paper for lunch, that is my business.Â  The most hilarious part is, I bet the people making the decisions of what children can and cannot eat have more rolls on their belly than the local deli has at lunchtime.Â Â Â  If the lawmaker who proposed this, AND all the people who enforce it (including school officials) can show me 6 pack abs and their marathon finishing time (under 3 1/2 hrs only please), then maybe I'll listen to their stupid a$$es about what my child should eat.I only wish they try doing this to an attorney who loves to litigate because he/she will break that school district in attorneys fees alone....hell, maybe I'll go pro-bono and do it myself"""
"""Fact:  Radical Comic Creator is written with Real Basic.You have argued against this fact.  Please go to the project page on Github and see for yourself.  Fact:  Lunduke has now consumed $2000 worth of time, has begged for additional money for hardware, and has not delivered on his promise as of yet.Fact:  You think that I am an ignorant hillbilly though you frequently insert symbols into your responses and use improper numerology when describing a number.  You habitually forfeit grammar and partially form words.  In addition to that, your stream of consciousness is a collection of poorly constructed sentence fragments.  In short, your English sucks dick.Fact:  You think that the Internet is the only place where you have freedom of speech?  I'm on the Internet and I'm in America and I just said whatever the fuck I wanted to. I implore you to argue these facts directly."""
"""ANOTHER WHITE  dude murdering his wife......at least he did not molest the little boys as well."""
"""Tell em why you mad! LOOOL! i have my opinion and you have yours. And now sports..."""
"""the microphone button wont work  -.-"""
"""""skimpy lingerie""?? Hardly.. The reporter needs glasses. Ive seen more flesh on show in a nunary..."""
"""AWE.......  Poor wittle troll on Patrol is TOO $TUPID to speak onlyEnglish, SO I'M THE BAD GUY.  SERIOUSLY?  LMFAO!"""
"""Does anyone think the Lib/Dems will ever ""own"" the tax cut for the richest 1% or the ""granny tax""?Those ""political party destroyers"" have George Osborne stamped all over them."""
"""@DiBrubaker @lkissler always love my MT peeps and anyone else who crosses my path virtual/Real, but tech never trumps us meeting in person!"""
"""Yep, Croatians coming to a house, shop, hospital, school and DSS office near you soon."""
"""Your email address is not visible to other commenters."""
"""You seem to have a theng for crystal balls."""
"""@WetShoesClassic haha"""
"""Don't let silly things like facts about other manufacturers get in the way of blind Apple hate.  Please, it just upsets these people who have absolutely no interest in the product what-so-ever but feel the relentless need to spam the comment sections of news posts."""
"""Who are you to judge him an inadequate?"""
"""But, Vicky<2, you lie all the time..."""
"""Did you really use the word ""evoking""?"""
"""How so? Straight couples keep having gay babies."""
"""grizzlies will have the best team they have ever had next year"""
"""why send? when you can set their own off as it sits in pre launch. Now thats a bang for buck the taxpayers can't complain about."""
"""regan was ticked off also. that's plain 2 c. if munroe doesnt like being scolded like a child, he shouldnt act like 1. they have the right 2 ask questions. that's not the point. any reporter should be respectful & allow any president 2 finish his statement then ask questions. presidents not answering questions at the end is nothing new either. they have all done it. in the regan clip, as they are hollering out, u can clearly see regan is annoyed & he tells them he will not be answering questions. when the a hole bret brier interviewed Mr O, he could not answer a question because that idiot kept talking over him & interrupting him. that situation was worst. Mr O handled that pretty dam good. its about respect whether u like the man or not. bill clinton joins in the negative talk about Mr O but if u havent heard him u would never know when u c them together. how about u watch the full clip of the incident. sam donaldson knows its wrong, bill o'reilly said so, & even hannity. Mr O did answer his question. tucker knows better & if immigrant munroe has a problem, go back from whence u came & free up a job 4 a real american!GROW UP! ACT LIKE ADULTS! STOP EMBARRASSING YOURSELF & YOUR COUNTRY!"""
"""Michelle, did you have a macro lens or is this just off something like a 18-55mm?"""
"""nikestorw be fuckin up man!"""
"""Point is BOTH are living-dead weight.And US CAN FIND more capable, younger leaders; because the young have more vision!"""
"""afvet1991,I'm not gay, you sad little freak! Not everyone who support gay marriage are. We have empathy and compassion for others unlike you religious bigots who can't wait to judge others."""
"""So are you,now go to bed boy"""
"""You are a theif are you????"""
"""I watched some David's video clips on YouTube. To my surprise, I found him here too. It's great that somebody decided to speak about Polish language as well. It clears some superstitions and stereotypes about my language. It turned out that it's not that bad :-)"""
"""How can you put creation in philosophy? It has no fucking logic! Creation doesnt belong in philosophy!"""
"""They're saying it could be an ACL tear"""
"""Bill Maher is a dumb faggot.show more show lessEditReply06/17/2012 07:31 PMin reply to responding to troll198 Likes Read more: http://dailycaller.com/2012/06/16/bill-maher-finds-six-black-men-to-deem-matt-drudge-racist-video/#ixzz1yHVYeuH8"""
"""You seem racist you dumb ho. Why not start crying about slavery, even though  you were never there. I'm Irish my ancestors were slaves too. Do you hear Irish-whitey crying for a handout? I am not afraid of black people. In fact i never met a nigg*r that I couldn't beat up. And stop being afraid of whitey's sexu*l prowess, you black girls love white men and you know it. Maybe because we raise our own children, something nigg*s been dodging since the day he was born. Or maybe you are afraid of our intelligence and education. Afraid of black people..LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO. Anyway back to the slavery issue. We bought you and your nig*ets from other black peeps. Which means that you were sold to us by black people. So get mad at them, not us. They sold out they own race, bit*h. Now bl*w me you stupid, nig*a, ho, since that's all your mouth is good for.   b"""
"""""What happened to all the talk about that industry hurting because Obama wouldn't let them drill all over the place.""That, is what you call a straw man arguement.  No one is saying the ""industry is hurting"", because it's not.What people are saying is that it's moronic to send almost a billion dollars a day to countries that hate us when we could be developing our own natural resources."""
"""I wouldn't sleep on the D-Backs either. Hudson's return should really help that rotation out.."""
"""When he pulled out, it looked like only 2/3 of his dick was wet...dayum! No wonder she was moaning!"""
"""Aside from calling the police you should contact the BDN and tell them what you saw so they fix this false article."""
"""A pic from Queen NIcki concert last night. http://twitpic.com/9xz941 Now you tell me..who the fuck is winning!"""
"""No idiot, tell it to the surpreme court and you're not even funny.....morning asshole go back to bed."""
"""Sure, the people who actually diagnose and treat disease are the problem, not the hordes of parasites around them."""
"""I think you'll find its her money now."""
"""I have 2 absolutely great reasons NOT to vote Obama.My children............... He cannot be allowed to destroy their futures."""
"""Otra historia estaria contanto  el  senador Escalona si  en 1990  el  Binominal  no  ubiese estado  y la UDI y RN con un 32% de los votos de la epoca obtuviera 50% de los escaños de diputados y en  el  senado  no  Ubiesen estado  los 11 senadores designados.Quienes han  protgido  entonces la mal  llamada obra de la inequidad en  Chile entonces ¿??¿?¿?¿ .. los mismo  que hoy nos gobiernas , pues los cuorum  para cambiar leyes economicas y debito  fiscal  tenian  que pasar por cierto  por RN y La UDI.... Que mala memoria de los que bomitan  odio y balas en este foro"""
"""more spin from the Tea party bleachers!"""
"""You're a freaking idiot! there isn't a word in the dictionary to describe you, you're just beyond a dumbass it's not even funny anymore!"""
"""Citizens United didn't have squat to do with the WI recall.  http://campaign2012.washingtonexaminer.com/blogs/beltway-confidential/citizens-united-real-impact-wi-recall-zero/583241"""
"""Woot, I detect the usual liberal vibe of race injected into your post.Let me make it easy on you, without knowing your skin color being it doesn't matter a wit to me.Blow it out your ass.Was that straight enough to the point for you sir?"""
"""Jay-- My condolences to you and your family. It's a terrible way to get a wake-up call, but I'm glad you've found a way to channel this terrible loss into something positive for you and yours. Enjoy life in the (slightly) slower lane.  """
"""Database systems are what I do for a living...."""
"""Thats all rondo can do.. Hold on to his man"""
"""who the fuks knows wats going on in space when we dont know wats going on in area 51"""
"""The ""wedge Issue"" isn't whether women use birth control. Â The issue is Obama's continued and frequent and deliberate abuse of the Constitution. Â It is one more example of his utter willingness to destroy the principles in our founding document so that he can dictate to the populace as he sees fit. Â He has shown all too often that he cares not for the First Amendment, especially if anyone uses it to speak against his policies - they are attacked, branded racist, labeled as unintelligent. Â He does not respect the Second Amendment (one of the best protections against both criminals and overweening government power). Â He cares not for the 10th Amendment, because he excoriates the states for exercising powers delegated to them by the Constitution - that of Arizona to protect its own borders and its budget; that of Texas to draw its electoral districts; the right of states to control their own budgets on a wide range of issues. Â He does not respect the 14th Amendment if it means enforcing statutes against blacks who violate them, such as the infamous Chicago voting rights case; or the directive by his Dept. of Education to colleges and universities to reduce the legal standards of proof for finding of rape and sexual assault when brought against a male, so that a man's career can be ruined on sayso even when a police investigation shows the accuser to be lying; or his Dept. of Just-Us ""Guidance Memorandum"" that allows colleges and universities to (wink, wink) substitute the term ""critical mass"" for ""quotas"" and throw clear law into the trashcan while pursuing racial preferences. Â He does not believe in the right to contract guaranteed by Article I of the Constitution - note his ""giving"" labor unions position ahead of stockholders and bondholders in the grants to Chrysler and GM. Â Note his efforts to curtail what companies pay their executives - a matter for stockholders who own those companies, not the government.Another issue is his apparent belief that the public is incredibly stupid. Â His ""compromise"" on the birth control requirement for Catholic institutions simply means that the overall rates for health insurance will be raised for those institutions to pay for both the administrative costs of ""outreach"" as well as for the birth control devices - including abortifacients such as the ""morning after"" pill. Â Nothing is free, but one would never know it by looking at his ""budgets."""""
"""Wow way to tell us how rich you are...stupid yuppie."""
"""you do realize you just called your mom a whore... real smart"""
"""look like you had a great weekend :)- lauren"""
"""And there's not a single decent white person who'd come within a mile of you.  Ironic, isn't it?"""
"""@YinzerinCT  @akus  @SusieMo I'm fairly certain this blog has the most Dany Heatley references per capita than the rest of the internet combined. and we're not even a Wild blog"""
"""Like our first ever credit rating downgrade."""
"""Do you really think your continuous rantings that someone might just believe you here? .... You do understand everyone gets a good chuckle when you post....xxoo Canada"""
"""Sandie SandyOf course with someone who would post the eurocentric nonsense about ""bore children out of wedlock"", it makes sense that you would relish the GOSSIP about the private affairs of individuals who seemed quite comfortable with their mating arrangements.Tell us, gossip sandy, has the former husband been complaining to you and promise you his organ if you share his loss?The deceased wife of Magnanimous Mugabe complained?We have never heard anything from these people about their PRIVATE LIVES.  You ever thought that the ALL had a pact?Comrades sharing their female(s).Wives not minding husbanding having a 'small house'?These are ALL fine traditional practices.Those who are gossipy and sex-obsessed are going to have a hard time with the more conservative and wise African practices, which have sustained coherent African societies for thousands of generations.Go do the gossip in Europe; they are much into minding other people's business.Dignified African females are to busy to waste time with such gossipy garbage"""
"""Mine came from Chihuahua, allegedly."""
"""If you mean UK is your God, then you are right."""
"""I think you are confusing the way things are with the ways things should be. Operations is everyone's responsibility, but it should not be that way. See http://blog.appfog.com/what-is-noops-anyhow/ for more detail. Also, I did not coin the term NoOps, it was coined by Forrester in April 2011 (http://www.forrester.com/rb/Research/augment devops with noops/q/id/59203/t/2).  """
"""You're starting to sound like a Nazi."""
"""How A CSM Works.    After a hand is over the cards just used are placed back into the shuffler to be mixed with the other cards in the shoe. Shuffle Masteru2019s King uses an elevator system to randomize the cards. As the elevator is moved up and down, cards are randomly inserted into one of the 19 shelves in the elevator. The shuffler randomly selects a shelf of cards to deliver into the shoe. Because of the non-linear process, every discard re-inserted following a hand has a chance of appearing in the next round.   Although Shuffle Master says The King differs from their competitors continuous shufflers because the others use a linear design most CSMs so the same thing. They put the discards back into play and does away with the dealers having to stop to physically shuffle the cards at the end of a shoe. The House Edge    The continuous shufflers have no benefits for the player and has been dubbed the ""uncomfortable shoes"". It eliminates card counting for the skilled player and will also have a major disadvantage for the basic strategy player. It speeds up the game! When the CSM was first introduced many players felt it would probably increase the house edge. As it turns out this is not entirely true. Michael Shackleford, The Wizard of Odds did a mathematical analysis of the Continuous Shuffling Machines and found that there was a very slight reduction in the house edge. In a four deck game the edge is 0.034 percent and in an eight deck game is tis0.014 percent. Before you get excited about a slight reduction in the house edge you have to realize that when the casino uses a CSM the speed of the games is increased by about 20 percent. The basic strategy player stands to lose more in the long run because they are exposing more money to the house edge. As a player I feel itu2019s a treat to visit a casino that offers double and single deck games. I would hate to see these games eliminated altogether. Even a multi deck shoe game is preferable to the Continuous Shuffling Machines. The best way you can let the casinos know this is by refusing to play Blackjack at the casinos that use a CSM for their Blackjack games"""
"""Embrace the probability of your iminant death, you idiot."""
"""Good riddance you drug abusing loser."""
"""She was kind of a main character."""
"""I allways flag anything it says on the spot. It has proven itself to be a troll of the worst sort a spamming one."""
"""No, even if he has the best season next year he won't get it because the media get bored.  That's why Jordan didn't win more.  Too bad we don't have any good reporters voting like there were back in the Bill Russell days."""
"""Eh, Billy Joel's not a bad guy. Music's fucking awful, of course."""
"""I know, sitting in front of fire, cozied up.. How often does that happen... But at least we don't have to shave our legs as often;)x"""
"""@tol1d7 I think that is the whole point, I would appear that one of these politicians may have been directly affected by the drain on England known as immigration.  Too little too late if you ask me.  As another mentioned on here, if someone was qualified to make that kind of money they would use their trade elsewhere!!"""
"""Women that are prostituted are victims!"""
"""Hating for jealousy is just so absurd, though.  It makes you look like an idiot with no knowledge of baseball at all."""
"""yep, i still despise this show too. fucking frat boy humor."""
"""Do you realize how many people get DUI's and retain their job?"""
"""Look at the bright side, the libs/dems have this David Crock/Brock character supporting their side, a strong wind will blow him from LA to Boston."""
"""Hey! Teacher deserve every penny they can get. It is a thankless job and very important."""
"""I see you dreamt about me all weekend. I am not into men like you are, and also cowards aren't very attractive. Now get to work you little cowardly stable boy."""
"""Are you newcomer to this world?"""
"""Michelle S. Ng@vjmichelleRegional Actress, Host & Model 1st Runner-up; The Amazing Race Asia 4, Team Singapore, FHM modelNikita ConwiGraduated from John Robert PowersMonster Rdio RX 93.1Deniece Milinette CornejoModelKrish Enriquezone of the 24k in abs cbn's deal or no dealAnya PenaModelGoldamier GamirmodelTanduayHOW CAN YOU SWALLOW ALL THESE THINGS? YOU KNOW HOW TO READ, BUT YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO UNDERSTAND? AND YOU WANT TO BE AN AMBASSADOR?AND MEG IS LETTING YOU DO ALL THESE THINGS. HOW SAD."""
"""Arsenal are glory hunters? We don't park the bus and we don't spend 35 mil just because we love a pony tail player who can only wait for corners."""
"""What is your problem 1492?   Why can't you just have normal and civil conversations.  Come on - please grow up so others can enjoy commenting."""
"""Well Braves were bound to break out the losing streak... Nobody better to do it against than sorry a ss Westbrook"""
"""fucking savages"""
"""the number of invasions your ancestors were subjected to, the invaders having their ways with your grandmothers, is obvious by your complexion.Good point."""
"""The U.S. govermet spends billions of dollars every year guarding against al qaeda."""
"""I agree. It would have been better than doing nothing. Trouble is, BAA didn't get the political backing it needed. The 2003 white paper should have said that in 2030 Heathrow closes, we're building 4 new runways at Stansted, you ARE moving.Gus"""
"""You pathetic, pimple-faced little adolescent moron.  Have you not studied sarcasm yet?  Let me guess...you are a product of home schooling, right?"""
"""its comedy u fuckin hater. nigga prolly is smashin her off camera"""
"""I told you to suck on the marriage penalty you numbskull!Besides, every fiscal year ending sept. Clinton added to the federal debt. Treasury.gov pal Look it up!"""
"""<i>""We got no class, no taste, no shirt, and shit faced""</i>More Nickelback lyrics for your listening pleasure."""
"""You know what pathetic . Your Mom asked me to remind you that it is bed time ..Oh and she just asked me to have you send your sister to her bedroom"""
"""And you are retarded."""
"""Are you color-blind?"""
"""It's also nice when Saban can sign 120 kids every 4 years compared to a normal non SEC teams 85"""
"""lol, your full of chit , just another stupid liberal"""
"""i am so wanting a repub politician to blow it..lose his or her temper about the incompetence and the arrogance of the white house..of the short term fixes for campaign reasons and no solutions to our long term solvency and security! come on guys...be HUMAN!!!! Get MAD!!"""
"""I really like "" When you combine tactics such as these, you have an integrated marketing and communication program that drives results. Real results such as improved margins, shortened sales cycles, and increased revenues."" I've read a few friends recently trying to defend the idea of accepting PR as a $15k/month crap shoot that eventually the media would magically convert you into a success. As far as I can see, a few months in I'm going to see results that paid for thet monthly spend, or I'm going to find something else to spend it on. Magical thinking is what has jacked up huge segments of our society today."""
"""Ha ha I love reading about your picks - seriously I was going to do it this time but couldn't get my picks in on time - I was out of town all weekend at my daughter's college graduation but I'll try to get in on the pool action at Wimbledon, good luck everyone and remember Nole rules!"""
"""Retard"""
"""What ""modified by editor"" feature are you talking about?"""
"""re: luke babbitt -- the funniest tweet i've read all year was the luke babbitt original chalupa 3 written as an ESPN 30 for 30 promo... """
"""If you think the people on this site give a shit about prison guards' safety you're nuts."""
"""SHOLAAMEOBI ' WHAT PLANET DO YOU LIVE ON YOU NEED TO GET DOWN TO SPECSAVERS ARE YOU BLIND OR STUPID?"""
"""XSHOGUNX'S EYE ARE SPREAD FAR AS FUCK. HE LOOKS LIKE HE HAS DOWN'S."""
"""@peter8888,You showed your true colors. In addition to comment misdirection, you are now using name calling and innuendo.Name calling, innuendo, comment misdirection, the last refuge of someone who has no viable, logical, or well reasoned comment."""
"""RYAN...........GO BACK TO SUCKING YOUR MOTHERS TEAT................BOYWONDER"""
"""75,000? why are you on here then?"""
"""And you're not a racist, are you.  What a joke you are."""
"""At this point, it is safe to say your ignorance can be now classified as stupid."""
"""That's the quote from Konstantin Eduardovich Tsiolkovsky, the father of Russian space science. You are profoundly learned."""
"""Yes, that was bullshit when you said that... which is probably why a mod deleted it. But I'll be around to remind you of what you said, not to worry."""
"""You are correct, they should be forcefully ejected out of Israel."""
"""It's because of Perez and because of the u266aNanana nanaNananananau266b"""
"""How could he not? I had to drive to Chicago to see <I>The Girlfriend Experience</I> in a theater. I doubt I'll have to go that far for <I>Magic Mike</I>, but I'm fully prepared to."""
"""And who protects us from you when you decide you don't like our political views or our religion or the color of our skin? And how is asking for some reasonable safety precautions taking away your rights?"""
"""you dudes really need a fucking life.... plenty people with jobs dont have cars so for you to sitting here judging someone elses life really says alot .. shut da fuck up n just watch the video"""
"""If criuticism is based on the facts...then lets call it what it is.......lets take StevenGlens Bile for instance.....COPY POST:Â obama has spent that in only 3 years, and gotten nothing for it, except 200 dead Mexican citizens, and several failed green energy plants.>>>>. Ok first off thats a boldfaced LIE..secondly show NON partisan facts that verify that verbal vomit you just posted and I will start here on Obamas achievements...but ask Bin Laden Somali pirates Al Queda and Quddafi if they think Obama is all talk and no actio over these last few years......but for Obamas domestic accomplishments I willrefer you herer to Politifact.org..Obamas promises......READ THAT and keep it moving....turn off Fix News and EL Rushbo for an hour a dayhe has also created the most vitriolic and partisan atmosphere I've ever seen, with his divisive class warfare and demonization of several groups of Americans.>>>>No actually Bush did that with the ""youre either with us or against us"" cowboy bravado....voters rejected that in 2008 and by partisan you mean RACIST??? or do you mean the Republicans that would rather see America fall into the sea that see Obama fix this country...Mr Mitch We wont work with Obama."" Turkey Neck McConnell.....SO stop BS'n here who is the real partisans here??? Yea Obama tries to work with Redumblicans and hes the one whos partisan.....dont make me laughhe mocks our process of democracy, praises and supports our enemies and alienates our friends.he claims to want to create jobs, then has his socialist minions squash any efforts at expansion or business starts with excessive regulations, fines, fees and lawsuits.>>>>>>>>Supports our enemies like he did Bin Laden who Bush gave a pass too for what 8 yrs......this whole post here is laughable on its idiotic face......Again...Im not gonna entertain this notion of bile you just posted cause its too comical to address....stop watching Fix news.....in case you didnt know they dont tell the TRUTH...they just propagnadize....BTW>..who are Obamas socialist minions....you mean Saul Alinsky or Bill Ayers....what about Josef Stalin...while youre at it.... a truth socialist would laugh in your face listening to you squawkI could write pages, but the effort would be wasted.>>>>dont waste the informed voters time and effortI see from your profile you're something of an amateur at this, it would be helpful to your case if you could post some links verifying your claims.>>>>>>>>Is that the best you can do is insult people based on their AVI??/ you sound like a child thrashing around in the sandbox at schoolHave you considered a career selling fertilizer? >>>>>Maybe you should try it first and show us hows its doneand honestly anyone that cosigns on that partisan parrot bile is just as big an idiot......I didnt see one fact in that while Diabtribe"""
"""Who are any of us to say who is or is not trustworthy to hold nuclear weapons? Especially Israel, or more precisely, apologists for it like yourself?"""
"""god, you really are stupid."""
"""you talk crap.  Nothing shooting does ""endangers many species of birds and animals"" but you are welcome to now give us examples of this.So go on, name some animals and birds endangered by shooting."""
"""you're so FUCKING DUMB!"""
"""*replying here to save space*I think I understand what you're feeling. Put it this way, as someone who is actively involved in the systematic elimination of other human beings, I totally understand how all this movie shit really aint that important in the grand scheme of things. However, I and others in a similar situation use them to decompress from that real shit, and more often than not movies help express stuff in ways only film can. It does have value.And to your hypothetical situation about the victim using faith to survive, I would recount the <i>very real</i> examples of young afghan girls getting their faces mutilated by their own family over irrational outdated customs/religious beliefs. Is it better to have faith that produces these atrocites. I don't know, I dont have an answer. Alls I know is although I thoroughly disagree with the absolute abolition of religion, its very obvious that we have to find a way to evolve our thought processes. Oh, and as far as movie related articles are concerned, Scientology is famously a very big force in the entertainment industry, as many of the big name A-list actors follow that faith. I think it warrants discussion. And don't forget, theres a movie coming out later this year about the Hubbard, the trailer for which was covered recently here. Worth checking out."""
"""Man, you've got your music knickers in a twist.  I play two three- chord riffs in e flat.  I don't know where parity comes into it.  Strum on, guy."""
"""Many Sri Lankans talking shit as usual. we must build sri lanka we must work together. when will you understand that??"""
"""Doubt it.. again showing your awesome reading comprehension skills.. i said you're acting like a b!tch not you are a b!tch big difference there genius"""
"""BUDDHA  IS  A FAT ASS SLOB..........NUFFFFF SAID.  HE IS THE FAKE.  YOU MORON."""
"""You called someone stupid? Wow, you must smoke spice and meth combined because you sound brain dead. Before putting your 2 sense into something that you have no education on, just what you hear from the Media, think about what you say. You sound like a fucking pawn just like the rest of society, believe everything you see on the news, you brainwashed grunt."""
"""5-31 CNN poll ""Please tell me whether you agree or disagree that each of the following candidates has the personality and leadership qualities a president should have.""RESULT: Obama 60%, Romney 51%. http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0612/77009.html"""
"""@Coach P @RR-Track-Dawg70s @VirginiaDawg Mason looks to RS so it's either Lemay and Bauta as the backup."""
"""hey! Jamie ... allkpop is not being biased .. they're just writing the fucking truth out of all those idols out there"""
"""@Samadhi  @voiceofinsanity Lol, I am in no ways upset b/c you've called me a moron. I've been called much worse. And I never picked a side.  I just don't understand what legitimate proof you have, besides your bullshit guilt by association, that makes TrAyvon was a gang banger. Might I point out that you've yet to provide a reason behind your statement on that topic. BTW, I read the story and all the post. It's kind of hard to stay on topic when I debate you and you completely change the topic and start attacking me! Right!"""
"""Maybe you should go back and read the second comment"""
"""Money & bitches but not before your niggaz. Get the money > Fuck the bitches > & ball wit yo niggaz.... preach my nigga Jones lol"""
"""I think you're still tired, either that or you just didn't proof read and wrote it out too fast. ""shelby was beside herself when she got to drive her intoxicated brothers home"" ???? of course we all know you meant UNCLESI am so glad yall had fun. I think everyone of you needed that even the girls! especially bobby."""
"""who gives a fyck this is his second year"""
"""Please do not talk shit about other artist in 2PM's article. We, Hottest, always respect other artists by not pushing them down to make our artist look better. We are a proud fandom."""
"""She continues to be Obama's whore."""
"""how do the towers connect to the bottom pentagon?  Since it's not flat..."""
"""Merci beacoup, tous  êtes vraiment mignon Chloé!. La soirée a été toutsimplement la plus beau de ma vie.."""
"""stupid cuz Kara girls always have shorts under skirts or dresses...it's ok I can't see shit anyways! still luv her!"""
"""You have a dream too i heard, your sister gave you handjob as a symbol of pity"""
"""Mình có kinh nghiu1ec7m sau u0111ây. Bu1ea1n thu1eed làm theo các bu01b0u1edbc sau u0111ây xem sao:   1) Dùng Fire Fox hou1eb7c Google Chrome u0111u1ec3 vào Google ( không dùng Internet Explorer ).   2) Gõ "" anonymouse.org ""---> enter ---> click vào ""anonymouse.org"" u1edf dòng u0111u1ea7u tiên.   3) Cu1eeda su1ed5 mu1edbi hiu1ec7n ra có 2 lá cu1edd cu1ee7a nu01b0u1edbc Anh và nu01b0u1edbc u0110u1ee9c. Click trái vào lá cu1edd Anh u1edf bên trái.   4) Cu1eeda su1ed5 mu1edbi hiu1ec7n ra. Bu1ea1n thu1ea5y phía du01b0u1edbi hàng chu1eef ""ENTER WEBSITE ADDRESS "" có 2 khung chu1eef nhu1eadt. u1ede khung bên trái, bu1ea1n gõ ""danlambaovn.blogspot.com "" ( nu1ebfu muu1ed1n u0111u1ecdc trang BBC Viu1ec7t Ngu1eef thì gõ ""bbc.co.uk/vietnamese"" ) . Sau cùng bu1ea1n u0111u01b0a con tru1ecf vào khung chu1eef nhu1eadt bên phu1ea3i, click trái 2 lu1ea7n vào hàng chu1eef ""surf anonymously"" su1ebd u0111u1ecdc u0111u01b0u1ee3c."""
"""And I call you a brain dead jew retard because it's true. Perhaps if you got the muslim nazi's dick out of your ass you'd have more friends."""
"""Would someone please send this guy a blow up doll of Obama with a 55 gallon drum of KY and be done with it . . ."""
"""as a browns fan, i softly weep."""
"""you troll so hard"""
"""Thats just a cliché...and typical, baseless and silly accusation that homosexual advocates throw out there to try to scare off your adversaries. Whats next"" Im a homophobe? I'm a closet homosexual? I'm a bigot? LOL. Come on..you can do better than that can't you? That stuff is all worn out. Find something new to say about me. Lets see you be really imaginative."""
"""It's sad how utterly uncool the proglodytes have become in four short years"""
"""You are the one who brought up the topic Kalifornia Ken-dolland then you whine like a beech when somebody calls you on it?whatever....keep trolling for a teabagger Ken-doll....you may get lucky Kalifornia phaggot"""
"""Bear with me for a sec. George Stephanopoulos is Greek right. Greece is rioting. Quit Riot.Cum on Feel the Noise. Bring in da noise, Bring in the funk. Bring the Pain. Method Man. Barack Obama's method to take over the USA is to hire George Soros and Media Matters to make Dick Morris suck on toes on Hannity's show to totally make Fox News look like a bunch of pinky toe licking con artists, discrediting awesome guys like Glen Back and Oliver North. Go ahead call me crazy."""
"""Magic Number, Magic Underpants = No Big Deal"""
"""You are really talented Channel.  Multi faceted and shit!"""
"""May he eat shit and <i>live</i>."""
"""There was no ethnic cleansing. Flag the spam."""
"""You need some serious psycho;logical help."""
"""Look who is talking...the payaso who sucks at both English and Spanish!"""
"""....You were right all along.    NOT !"""
"""One day you'll let your child eat lights naked? You are one sick puppy"""
"""if   rcae is your premise - help us.  If fear of religion is your premise - God helps us all !"""
"""oh shit ....the one with the tattoos Id suck him dry!!!"""
"""YOU filthy ignorant--cock-sucker stankin ass whore u should leave while you still ahead before someone stick a dick in your mouth to make u shut up"""
"""Sarcasm?  learn how to spell you moron"""
"""Why are you willing to share a cell?"""
"""If u didnt give a fuck what i was saying why is ur dumbass replying? Clearly u are ignorant and unsophisticated."""
"""Obama does what he thinks is best for the country, GOP does what they think is best for the Republican party......it should be an easy choice come November."""
"""Well then is it true that you like anal?"""
"""I still don't get how this is a big deal, shit."""
"""your ignorant as fuck.. black people been skateboarding for a long ass time.. stop looking for lil wayne to set your trends"""
"""Not really what it says a lot about is your lack of understanding on this subject."""
"""Hahaha nigga We CP in that ATL on yo ass bring those pussy ass niggas more blood on your pussy hands can handle your own fights. 1712 Temple Ave College Park, GA 30337....you aint bout that life and I bet tonite tomorrow to next year ill still sleep like a baby"""
"""Polls across the country show time after time...that voters vote against homosexual faux marriages."""
"""WIN WIN WIN HONEY BADGER CARRY US TO THE PROMISED LAND"""
"""You're a turd."""
"""With their imminent Defeat in Iraq and now Afghanistan. The head of Snake of Imperislism be cut off in Syria by the brave people of the Region with support of Russia, China and Nations standing for Justice and Equality."""
"""Wake up and smell the coffee, who is the current premier of the WC?"""
"""I understand what you are saying.Out with the Black, in with the White."""
"""You have 60 years worth of history wrong, and I'm the ""idiot!?!?""benny hill, why do you hide your comment history. I just caught you posting under your old name, but you delete the profile before anyone can see your campaign of character assassination, smear and distortion.Cowardly much?"""
"""AlenLemone - Anyone intelligent reading your comment could only come to the conclusion that you have mental issues, to say the least. Either that or you're simply a biased russian."""
"""Bitch, you replied to my comment, you stupid ass nigga. Shut your trolling ass up and log out and go breathe some air for once. And LMAO @ how fast you replied back to me. I see you live on this site smh. Go get your dick wet, seriously and stop sucking uncle ronnie's dick."""
"""I guess this is Obama's version of ""I like firing people..."""""
"""FOXTARD LOGIC:""no matter how many proven facts you present to me, whether it is back up by science, math, or just plain logic, if it does not support my narrow right wing view and justify my fear and hatred, then it MUST be part of a vast left wing conspiracy to make me a gay mvslim mexican"".Â """
"""buzz off you twat"""
"""I thought that makeup was suppose to make any bitch look better, in her case that's the total opposite."""
"""Have your country found PUNEET PUNEET yet. Your burn our flag. Your country is corrupt and the Indian people are do gs. Pay peanuts and get stupid fken indians"""
"""what a great way to run a business."""
"""why are you here?  why do hate so much?  Maybe someday you will figure it out."""
"""Go change your depends, crybaby."""
"""Yes you are!!!"""
"""That was so 45 minutes ago troll. Get with the times."""
"""Oh...so some unions are ok..?? Who would decide which ones go..???"""
"""Stop whining you moron democrats you backed aFucking no brain marxist loser in 2007. Now pay the price"""
"""This is actually a dumb idea.  So you switch one union for another and then what?  What about all other state unions?  What about CCPOA or CAHP and all others?  Apparently you do not have a clue that it is the bargaining system, not specific unions that skrew the employees. All it takes is for one or two of any of these unions make a deal that will be enforced on all employees.  Are you going to decertify all of them?  You are very naive and want someone else to collect the dues."""
"""I already have insurance you jack AZZ.  But If I didn't I will show up where I want to for medical care and you dumb AZZ will be paying for it just like you will be for all of those that can't and or won't afford to get insurance.  See, this is why I don't like talking to people like you, you have to use nasty language on you opposition because that's the way you deal with people that do not agree with you."""
"""And of course we have the added benefit of the poor 19yo who will now forever drive like an old lady for fear of hitting somebody else. On behalf of all drivers who will get stuck behind the slowpoke in future i would like to say to the girls - Fuck You Very Much."""
"""First of all its the SCOTUS moron, and secondly the ruling by the 9th is written for Kennedy bro, have you read it? It mirrors Romer v. Evans, I wouldn't be so sure about your slap down, we only need one vote from the Supremes and judging by their rulings on gay rights and equal protection in the past, Perry v. Brown is a slam dunkÂ  for our side."""
"""Whyte brings to mind a sleezy, greasy second hand car saleman in the act of conning some poor old dear out of her money. Where are all the ""in Whyte we trust"" comments now, slowly but surely the followers of rangers are awakening to the destinct demise of their team.........R.I.P."""
"""Yeah the fault doesn't lie with you for being a bigot, it lies with me for calling you on it."""
"""Demoralized is the only word i can think of if a current soldier is reading these comments."""
"""""Angel"" was hot, wasn't she? I can't remember. Yes, that was a piece of shit movie."""
"""Leidiot is a disgusting leader""less"", moronic, self serving, egotistical, selfish, bullying, idiotic, clown like, deceitful and hateful scumbag."""
"""Your Teabilly slutchild is just as ignorant as her mother.You people are the trailer trash of America."""
"""oh and Leigh...don't you normally pick a front runner by now...."""
"""And now parents are afraid AFRAID to let their kids play outside. I used to ride my bike all over Stockton (before it came the Stockton it is today) and climb tress and play cowboys and indians (where someone dramatically died every six seconds).Of course, more people went to church then and there was spanking in schools and there was just a lot more respect for the institutions that made this country great.So sure, let's sue Hollywood, but then let's sue the liberals that made the Democratic party the moral wasteland it is today."""
"""NO FUCKING WAY??!!!! You can't leave us! Can't you knock over an old lady or something? Turn tricks? Blackmail someone? FUCK! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"""SO everyone is on board for that mosque to be built near the Twin Towers?"""
"""Shut up you PAWB. Lebron lsoing is not going to ad years to your life."""
"""Yeah!  And Nixon have gotten away with it too if it weren't for those meddling kids!"""
"""Schmeichel had some horror shows of his own in his first season, and went on to become one of the best (if not the best) EVER, plenty of time for De Gea to shine !"""
"""And sodomize you against your will?  You are a sick ticket Annabelle."""
"""Yay, IGN! (not sarcastic) You've echoed the complaints of many forum users, including myself: that Inferno is too hard for normal people and blandly straightforward for AH junkies. But Blizzard has indicated they plan to patch this, so I'm not too worried."""
"""fuck off whore"""
"""@Dieofnv Like I said: FUCK YOU. People like you erode press freedom, and I am going to hope for otherwise."""
"""damn, you are truly stupid"""
"""1-0???What game are you watching?"""
"""lol ur dumb/retarded"""
"""Garfield....is that near Dixie Manor queeny? Or is that Key West for homosexuals of your kind homie?"""
"""Go Texas they have great American Dads that arent affraid to stand up for what is right and what is right is the fact that the little Bastar  isnt going to commit this crime again. Hell I will send some money to him for bail if they pick him up!!!"""
"""no - you are."""
"""<div class=""forum-item forum-reply""><div class=""forum-item-description"">I'm compiling a list of my threads since Sandals returned. &nbsp;Someone is going to be very disappointed in himself.</div></div>"""
"""Hey moron, 1) you're a disgusting human 2) Seau wasnt on those pats teams.  You're a fool."""
"""Mcfloyd, your simple assertions don't hold up to scrutiny.  Did Bush live within his means?  Did he fully reveal the costs of two simultaneous wars, Energy Policy made behind closed doors and led by Dick Cheyney, or the costs of the Big Pharma Drug Benefit giveaway?  Did President Obama inherit a budget surplus or budget deficit?  How many jobs were we losing before the President took office?  When you come back with those answers, perhaps I'll give your inane little quips some consideration."""
"""BS. Lowe you are an arrogant prick. Beyond criticism? You deserve nothing but criticism you idiot."""
"""Can you post a statement  without using the word idiot?  Try being a little more eloquent with your retorts or just start pulling the wings off of flies to while the hours away......."""
"""""Oh! Oh! I got an idea! How 'bout we do a song that's not whiny bull crap?u201d - Peter Griffin talking to Coldplay in Family Guy Season 8, Ep. 16'par' (I think I'm starting to like this word, not entirely sure I'm getting the usage correct)"""
"""says the child who does not understand what relevancy means.  It's ok Schimidt, we get the fact that you are a closed book.  Thankfully, your impact on society is meaningless.  I accomplish more in the first hour of my day then you have your entire life"""
"""@Poliveira23 Well, If you are going to interview someone about lack of realism in a game you should...I dont know...actually play the game before making a fool out of yourself in an interview?"""
"""Possibly, but you are not that 'anyone'"""
"""A thousand US troops died in the Sudan?  I don't think so."""
"""I double-taked (took?) at that. Malaise? MALAISE? ""Hating shit because puberty"" is not malaise, goddammit. Teen malaise, give me a fucking break. On the other hand, I can at least be drinking at work right now, I understand school-bound teenagers are not as lucky."""
"""NOOOOOO!!! NOT MILTON BRADLEY!!!"""
"""no doubt the poor woman will be offered a good deal on a car when she turns up at the garage."""
"""GaGGEDinUSA: what what killed kids are you talking about? Are you talking about Russians or about some Syrian rebels or your allies in Pakistan, Saudi' Arabia and Qatar? I do not follow you, whatever you are trying to say."""
"""Muslims want to blow themselves up, let 'em.I couldn't care less."""
"""And you're a big phat, brown, stoopid libturd..."""
"""I wish the same to you uglyandpoor.  You have nothing to say of your own, so you post things I have said - out of context.  You are a horrible little person.  flag yet again."""
"""@PaulMomo definitely, it is trumped the Burt Reynolds episode... and I thought that one was quite hilarious. Since this one had the ocelot, ergo, LATIN, it was better."""
"""Storobin - you stole the damned election.  You are not wanted in my neighborhood.  Get the hell out of here and go back to wherever it is you came from."""
"""If you expand to more than 12 then go to 16 and have 4 team pods.  I would add Georgia Tech and Virginia Tech for the SE pod.  ISU, WVU, Louisville and ND for the NE pod."""
"""I'm an election official and was running the polls here in Southern California last Tuesday.ONE Libertarian voted."""
"""You two are fucking trolls. What a sickening thought. Last time I checked Oaxaca is relatively safe, but ya'll wouldn't know that cause both of you have your heads up your ass. Btw, most of the violence is on the borderstates of Mexico. Or did you forget that, too?"""
"""well worded. ""was not proud at the time"" meaning they are now because theyÂ feel the world owes them a thank you for killingÂ civilians and ""saving"" more?Â shouldnt we thank those who lost their lives to help ""save"" more people? you make me sick. and this is for the birdÂ giving you words of wisdom. it's great that you understand the logic and ironically point outÂ ""will bend facts and contort causality"" when it comes to debates. you forgot to point out using factsÂ out of context. now please go educate the rest of your friends and find a giant mirror to stare into. Â """
"""Oh great, they're gonna devote time to Santino and Dbl R. FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-"""
"""i am sick of seeing this fuck asshole bitch made chain latters o.O? gonna kill the person on ""inside"" who the asshole sick son of bitch made this crap things look at me i am grace wow i am to cool ghostme:*claps* NOW SUCK MY DICK MOTHER FUCKING ASSHOLE i will fuck you lol"""
"""<b>;-)</b>  LOL. .. just bustin' your chops... he's already been on base today- you must be doing good !"""
"""Coolest president ever? Your a complete waste of oxygen and resources. Phucking idiot"""
"""I don't think she interrupted him while he was in the middle of a speech."""
"""Dodger radio playing tunes of ""fuck you"" at end of commercial break. They must be reading our comments."""
"""Ohh, so you're a W.Bengal commie then, are you? No wonder you talk like such a sick nut. You people are at war with reality, and even Lefty Mamta is a sanghi to you. Pathetic. Haha, no wonder you fear a pro-development guy like Modi."""
"""Which second did you buy? I might want half of it."""
"""And it being summer and you're wasting it away inside is so wrong."""
"""I would have gotten out the car and fucked him up"""
"""Shows what you know dipshit, Remington and Winchester aren't made in China.  I swear, elitist assclowns like you are an utter embarrassment."""
"""And who are you, the proud lord said, that I must bow so low?Only a cat of a differentufeff coat, thatu2019s all the truth I know. In a coat of gold or a coat of red, a lion still has claws, And mine are long and sharp, my lord, as long and sharp as yours. And so he spoke, and so he spoke, that lord of Castamere, But now the rains weep ou2019er his hall, with no one there to hear. Yes now the rains weep ou2019er his hall, and not a soul to hear.EDITREPLY"""
"""Well then the OP would learn that she cannot diagnose herself with Aspergers, and that self-diagnosis is a bad thing leading to people whom act stupidly because they think they have some disorder/disease that in actuality, they don't."""
"""You just went full retard.  Never go full retard."""
"""Somehow, I feel that Pakistan is right in the middle of all of this garbage. Yet, the United States keeps supplying them with arms and money. No sense to this at all."""
"""You act like you faced a good team. You played like crap against another crappy team."""
"""He still played. he didn't say that much. And obviously the Heat reserves are going to lose that either way. It is when Lebron and Wade are playing this post season that the celtics need to worry."""
"""That sounds familiar. Mom picking subscriptions with no veto power to stop her."""
"""@roCkhopper Lancaster PA mah friend. Wez ghetto"""
"""He did the right thing. Too bad someone didn't do the same thing to Sandusky."""
"""eish Wenger did a stupid mistake but he will never admit it anyway.....it was good for us that the Ox was taken off and we were going to lose that match but Wenger did a brilliant Sub...Good luck guys for your 4th spot."""
"""We were thinking back in time when a young GHWB was goaded by his ambitious young wife to eliminate JFK.,  it would go something like this,Babs, I can't stand that JFK, get rid of that white trash.  Then a little while later Babs said I can't stand that MM she's gonna run her mouth and then, RK is finished.  Now that would be a much better HBO movie...the white-washed Bush Legacy is getting tough to swallow."""
"""are you talking about the conservatives that cheered the idea of letting a man d ie if he didnt have insurance?or the conservatives that booed a gay soldier currently deployed."""
"""im sorry but dont nobody just pick somebody out randomly and start attacking...like she went ham for a reason. kimora seem like one of those low-key stank bitches. it might not be all true but kimora played a role. aint no black chick just just gon go off like that."""
"""People have been born gay since the beginning of time.Â  Today, with social media and the web and the CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES, they're just not going to be shut-up anymore.Â  Despite the vile attacks from the right."""
"""Oh god, that is one hilarious video. It is the one with the Professor Layton rapist dude, right? XD I didn't click it, but I've seen it before. So funny. ^ ^ (No matter how odd that sounds.)"""
"""Wait you said though that your country was the nice one in the world- how bout you take that food from your dog and help feed the population of the world because i thought america was great right, they always try to use theor ethics- apparently not because losers like you are selfish andignorant"""
"""Gosh, Peggy Hill ... Don't make me laugh.Â  In addition to money ... Romney won because Newt is bombastic and is a serious liability in the general ... all the polls show it and intelligent conservatives feel it ... this is about style not substance.Â  Both will do the same thing in office just with entirely different styles.Â  Newt ruffles feathers all day long drawing stark contrasts even when it means lying or exagerrating ... like calling Mitt anti-immigrant on national TV ... unbelievable.Â  And since Peggy Hill knows far less about national politics than I do since I have studied it for 25 years, I'm not inclined to be persuaded by her.Â  She describes the political scene like I used to 15 years ago ... with little to no expertise, so I don't pay her a lot of attention when we disagree.Peggy Hill is a Great American and I love her and Newt dearly but this is not the time to vote with my heart ... way too much at stake!Â  Newt is the world's best field general but hisÂ temper and tone are wearing me out and I'm conservative ... I can only imagine how offended Independents are beginning to feel.Â  Sure it helped that Mitt raised more money ... that is essential in beating Dingle Barry ... Peggy Hill sounds like an OWS'er ranting that Mitt had more money ... thank God he did ... that's what it's all about!  So you Newt zombies really ought to do the Hokey Pokey and turn yourselves around, lol.If Newt will fold under lies and carpet bombing ... as he said he would ... then he's got zero chance of beating Owebamao ... think about it ... that's all Barry does.I don't care too much that Mitt is uninspiring ... I know he can beat Owebamao and I know he will attract Independents and Latinos in 2014... particularly with a Romney/Rubio ticket.Â  My first choice for POTUS is a Christy/Rubio ticket ... neither are running but both back Romney.By the time Super Tuesday rolls around, Mitt will prolly already be the clear front runner but I never count Newt out.But for Peggy Hill to be upset Mitt raised and outspent Newt is laughable .... that's what you're supposed to do!BTW  -  Remember the Sirens???Beautiful half-woman, half-bird-like Newt creatures who sang such sweet songs that listeners forgot everything including their own safety. The Sirens are Newtish sisters who lure sailors to their death. The sonsg of the Sirens are irresistible but they reside beyond unsurpassable reefs which destroy the sailors' boat when they try to reach the Sirens. Among those tempted were Jason on the Argo and Odysseus. Odysseus escaped from them by filling his crew's ears with wax while he tied himself to the ship's mast ... just sayin'."""
"""some fukin sketchers thats sad omg lol fuckin shitty ass sketchers why the fuck are they even named sketchers sketcherz fuckin suck ass"""
"""But they will care that you were here Mikey.  Hey look he likes it.  Hey Mikey likes it."""
"""me too! i hope they can fix this sooner.."""
"""You married the turd, and bred with him..."""
"""HEY KRYSTAL: YOU STUPID IDIOT WHO Can't Understand Normal Thinking.. fhuck off you howre"""
"""huck huck huck, no... but giant pictures of them beating the crap out of idiots like you are ok!!"""
"""""It's not you, it's me""Words I'm sure most zoobs have heard before in their life."""
"""Dude red on my iPod it says it will be 98* out today"""
"""Yes, but very few structures have actually burned in this fire.  The issue is the forest itself.  We're talking millions of acres of dry forest in an area so mountainous that a very high percentage of the land is not accessible to vehicles.  This is part of what would be a normal natrual cycle, if it weren't for beetle-kill trees and below average (and the average is minimal) precipitation.  In the meantime, we've got smoke over a major city with flames approaching.  Plus, this is watershed of the South Platte, the most heavily worked river in the state, and fire-damaged areas wreak havic on water quality and precipitate flash floods."""
"""""I'm an introvert. You are a wonderful person and I like you. But now please shush.""  Hee.  Yeah, I've been there."""
"""He won Michigan in the primaries.  Holy shit, your dumb."""
"""What a   $   t   u   p   1   d     p  h u c k k  i  n  g    k  u  u  n  n  t  t!"""
"""""and Israel will die""I knew he would bring Israel in to this at some point."""
"""Remember all the haters screaming to get rid of Blanton before the season??? Where are they now????Not so fat Joe is pitching his pudgy lil heart out...oh...and guess what...this team is starting to hit...another thing the haters like to dwell on...where are they now?? All you Chollie bashers ain't showing your butts now are you?? Whatsamatter? Seeing the faithful's faith in this team is well deserved by them?? Gotta luv the ""paper"" fans....gotta luv them....get the hell off of our bandwagon you wannabe so calle fans....."""
"""He regretted killing him so quickly."""
"""I  notice you haven't  responded.  You only care when you are telling other people how dumb they are. Again who is your team UJ???"""
"""Uhhh I hate the Dodgers, but they are the best team right now, and I agree AL > NL but they are the best team at the moment"""
"""I keep it fresher than the next bitchno need..for you to ever sweat the next bitch..with speed, I make the best bitch see the exit..indeed, you gotta know your thoroughly respected by me,you get the keys to the Lexus, with no driveryou gotcha own '96 suh-in..the rideand keep your ass tighter than Versace thats whyyou gotta watch your friends you got to watch methey conniving shitthe first chance to crack the bankthey try me, all they get is 50 cent franksand papayas, from the village to the teletime to kill it on your belly no question I got more black chicks between my sheets than Essencethey say sex is a weapon, so when I shootmmet your death in less than 8 secondsstill poundin in my after life..laugin my shit is tightyou who askin right...[Chorus:]Aint no nigga like the one I gotno one can fuck you bettasleeps around but he gives me alotkeeps you in diamonds and"""
"""Nope..your maths!..its 159 played with 16 draws., and Glenwood can be thankfull for the draw. Maritzburg College where the better team on the field on the day."""
"""@aarongmyers to be honest the translation of Ender's Game isn't great... much like the first book in the HP series, which is why I have been avoiding the challenge in Chinese for so long. But I agree about finding something fun to read. The key is being able to provide yourself with the ability to have comprehensible input while you are reading. Going to the dictionary for every other word and still not understanding what you are reading is one of the most painful things to deal with as a language learner."""
"""yeah well director interpretation isn't always the best insight for things like this, especially with something with such a rabid fan base. On top of that i think they are condensing more than i would have liked...even if the golden age was kinda meh in comparison to the drama going on now, i would have at least liked for them to show them doing their thing on the battle field."""
"""You KNOW the RULES - one DELETE equal 50 REPOSTS#37 WHAT is his EXAMPLE of TOTALITARIANISM in the USA? Here it is...Last August, Obama's DHS announced it would no longer deport the noncitizen spouses of gay Americans  LOL, get yer musket Myrtle and follow me into the BUNKER! They'll not take us alive!!"""
"""From what I can see, most men like women who are physically fit.  You don't have to look like a runway model, but YOU DO need to look like you take care of yourself, eat reasonably well, and exercise.  Studies have shown (though I'm referencing information I read YEARS ago) that WM actually prefer a larger body type than WW, but not as large as BM or HM.  WW seem to want to be a size zero, while WM seem to like the athletic Swedish model body.  Anyway, I think both of the ladies above look very attractive.  However, I don't understand this fixation on having butts and thighs that are WAY out of proportion with the rest of one's figure.  That isn't attractive to me, personally.  I just don't get it.  And, seeing a HUGE rear on a small girl just doesn't make any sense.  I don't know how it's physically possible to have skinny arms, legs, waist, and still have a humongous derriere and/or thighs.  Many men like a nice-sized butt, including WM and AM (I know from experience), so a BW's full, round bottom isn't necessarily a problem for men in general.  But, MOST men (including BM) don't want a bottom that's so obese it looks like it's own planet.  Get and stay in shape for your own health and opportunities, BW."""
"""You're better than that, pola."""
"""oh didn't you know they are irreplacable! (Just ask them)"""
"""@cheatingrangers  We shall see only a fool predicts the future, you qualify."""
"""What's his story? Sporadic starts? Never over 5 innings?"""
"""Ms Jenkums could you please look up at the right hand corner up top and click the red X, and to never return again pls.....You are to dumb to know your dumb......Click it now....And don't come back now you hear...."""
"""Listen you fucking wanker -- we approve all comments, so long as they are not inflammatory against a type of people. We censor blatant bigotry. But little dickwrinkles like you calling me a pussy? I'd never censor that. Look at other posts...people have wished AIDS on me dude, so...I've heard worse fuckhead.That said, if you have to sleep with a woman in her 60s, then that's pretty sad, dude. Try dating girls your own age. It's kind of weird you're into way older chicks. You might wanna rethink hugging your own mom when you have a boner going forward.Plus, I have had more ass than every male in your entire family line -- with their fucked up teeth and small dicks -- has ever seen. Just a point of clarification, you bucket of cunt slop."""
"""Hey @ign-b9606001de921324b66a3e5949ba481e:disqus , you are awesome!"""
"""ima fuck me 2 white bitches. you got a sister? ima fuck her in the ass. ima fuck ya ball headedÂ  sister everybody go to youtube look up the vid and look at the info section and it has all these fags address facebook and parents name and phone numbers real talk take a look..i aint no snitch but when i see shit like these goin on it gets to me..i live around there so when i see em ima fuck them upp good prolly gonna have to cut a bitch too"""
"""Retard, everyone wasnt bad. Everyone had fallen angel blood in them. God didnt want that. God wanted humans to be human and angels to be angelic. Not no damn hybrid. Read the bible before you fuck up your interpretation."""
"""All racists like you are morons, dude! It just happens most pit bull owners are morons too & this has even more convinced me of that."""
"""It's hard to read your post and not immediately think that you're xenophobic"""
"""Thanks Kosh I am very happy being normal"""
"""You are such a talented photographer!"""
"""Wowee!!  Those are both high-energy, smart dogs.  And you're a few weeks away from delivery.  Your life is about to get even more interesting than it already is!  :)"""
"""@noBjustRyan he can be as stubborn as anyone else with his opinions.  but the name calling went too far, i agree."""
"""Fuck you Fred"""
"""They do seem to run away and hide whenever you question their Fox News talking points."""
"""Michelle Obama can suck it!! I am sick and tired of the screwed up Government telling us what we can and cannot do... especially when it comes to our kids!!! Stay the hell out of our lives!!! Save the REPUBLIC revolt against socialism!!"""
"""go suckle on your mom's teet little child"""
"""@Dezzy11 I know they work in lots of countries, all of europe, brazil, isreal, those are just a few that i know.  I'm sure it will work in new zealand.  depending on the time of day(if they are not at school) you will receive the server information with in minutes."""
"""Fan jag som trodde det var FI. Att neka de som vill rösta att rösta är allt annat är civiliserat. Att ta ut svängarna är välbehövt annars sker inga förändringar."""
"""You are a fucking idiot."""
"""That is kind of a sexy photo though. Who took it?"""
"""Flag this loser's posts. Enough flags and he loses his nic automatically."""
"""I think the drugs these days are all laced with a little something extra!  The crime these days are unbelievable and unthinkable."""
"""U Thurley may be a consenting adult, but it worries me what a bigot like him/her consents to."""
"""If you claim you don't have the power to forgive but only ""Allah"", why then do you arrogate yourself the power to avenge? Are you not double-speaking? Why not leave both powers to the owner, ""Allah"" and allow him to fight for himself? Or is he not capable? We are not afraid of you; we are not afraid of death. Everyone will eventually die, both the killer and the killed; our Lord Jesus long time ago warned us about sects like yours and encouraged us not to be afraid for you can only kill the body but can do no further harm after that: you can't kill our souls which ultimately goes back to our God; so kill all you can, Jesus will forever remain Lord!"""
"""Damien Sandow . . . the ""Leaping"" Lanny Poffo of this era."""
"""haha look at the face on her"""
"""I told you before you poor excuse for a human being not to respond to my post but you don't listen.  You are ignorant, you pathetic piece of feces.  I hope youget what you deserve in a fatal accident soon...."""
"""You are soo beautiful"""
"""So what happened when you wandered off into the woods during your brothers swim meet? Sounds like Deliverance."""
"""I imagine he lives in Virginia, he's wouldn't live with the riffraff in DC."""
"""Apparently, bad officiating never gets old to you morons."""
"""Thanks for confirming that conservative men only see their women as a pair of tits and an azz."""
"""@SRQDawgs15 @TheLadySportswriter Some of the opponents scoring were Touchdowns that Murray threw to their Defensive backs or we gave the opponents really short fields. I am not saying UGA doesn't have great talent on both sides of the ball.  However, the consistency on offense is missing.  The short dump-off passes are missing. And, obviously our running game and O-Line play were missing.  However, the boneheaded CT runs up the middle, the flat footed draw plays, and the fumbles at critical times by Murray and the pick 6's had to demoralize our young defense. Personally, I would like to see us never get behind in a game and to win every game by 3 touchdowns.  Please forgive me if I am asking too much."""
"""what's your deal bro?  You aren't concerned, and you damn sure are not a liberal.  Why don't you just be yourself instead of coming on posing as a screwed up exaggeration of people you don't like or understand?  Did your mommy not love you enough or something?"""
"""""obviously clean"", you are in denial"""
"""I bet the songs on the upcoming CD were written for This twit. The message was she is a progressive. She knows where herÂ  bread is buttered.I have never even heard of her.I bet if she had to write her own material. Ms Hoe would be a major disappointment to her idiotic fans.What was her message with the exorcism? CBS management look like total knuckleheads. No wonder their ratings suck.Bring back garage bands. They play instruments, write their own material & perform to their fans.Most of the music truly sucks today. Record executives don't even try to find pure raw talent.. It seems they try to clone their stars. Visual imagery for shock valueÂ over solid Rock-n-Roll."""
"""Just a thought. About those unwinnable, illegal wars. If they were illegal wouldn't you think Bush and Cheney would have charges brought up on them by now? Fact is they were on the level its just another example of the liberal media getting alll you liberals wound up tighter than Dick's hatband. Just like little wind up toys, get you started and away you go! It's time to start thinking about Impeachment of the Dope Head in Chief."""
"""Define abortion in objective terms. Explain the whole process of abortions too me. Explain what you see in a sonogram of a baby with fingers, toes, fingerprints, eyes, a heartbeat and brainwaves. Explain late term abortions for me. Where they pull a baby's head out and inject it with saline and then vacuum their brains out. Pro choicers are cowards at the core. How brave of you to lay down your responsibilities for what you did at a nightclub getting drunk and having unprotected sex and then kill your living mistake. """
"""Någonstans missar Sigfrid principfrågan det gäller när han drar paralleller till bilkörning och droger som inte alls är relevant till frågan om rösträtt såtillvida att han inte anser att barn/unga ska ha möjlighet att kandidera till riksdagen. Eller är han måhända rädd för att bli utmanad av någon politiskt insatt sjuårig aspergare?Jag förstår Sigfrid (med rätta) har en ogrundad rädsla för att minoritetspartier (så som PP) får möjlighet att påverka i större utsträckning om unga ges rösträtt. Men det finns frågor som berör alla medborgare oavsett ålder t.ex  fildelning, skolpolitik och studiebidrag. Man bör dessutom inte dumförklara det allmänna och förutsätta att det besitter tillräckligt med rättspatos för att inte rösta igenom något så absurt som sänkt åldersgräns för att köpa alkohol (även om det nu faktiskt inte är ett problem att få tag i sådant eller köra bil oavsett myndighetsålder och körkort). Varför det dras till in absurdum?Att unga eller barn inte ges rätt att väcka opinion när en relevant fråga (för dessa) lyftes är bedrövligt ur demokratisynpunkt. Men Sigfrid menar kanske inte att barn klassas som medborgare? Det är synnerligen skrämmande med en sådan snevriden syn på demokrati (allra minst från en av våra folkvalda) då dessa otvivelaktigt har ett svenskt medborgarskap vilket per definition bör ge dom rätt att påverka. Barn är folkets framtid och ska med rätta ges möjlighet att påverka om dessa så önskar.Det påstås att debatten ska föras på en någorlunda hög intellektuell nivå. Men det är ju precis tvärtom, det görs inte eftersom inte ens vuxna klarar av att välja vettiga politiska företrädare eller sätta sig in i vad exakt en röst (på t.ex moderaterna) innebär.Vi bör sträva efter ett samhälle där vi vågar förändra saker och ta ut svängarna en bit i taget. I värsta fall är förändringarna reversibla.I korthet. Ja till att ge yngre medborgare rösträtt om dom vill utnyttja denna. Däremot kan man behöva besluta om att partier inte får nyttja fulknep för att vilseleda väljare innan detta beslutas, vilket är en fråga som behöver arbetas igenom innan ett eventuellt beslut tas, allt för att säkerställa att politiken blir mer transparent."""
"""Klein, you are a coward. Did you really interview these guys, just to mock them. Best part is that you stop short of belittling Scheartz. Even you know that would probably be the last straw in your downward career."""
"""oh all of a sudden u changed ur picture to A WHITE GUY WITH PENNY LOAFERS....MUFUCKER U LAME"""
"""You're naive and don't have a basic grasp on biology."""
"""nope, Mets will be fine, they have held it together so far and played admirably"""
"""You forgot to mention that there has been little, if any, proof that the allegations of a fake birth certificate are credible. Just saying it a million times doesn't make it true."""
"""Nobody gives a shit what you say"""
"""You are unemployed and on welfare."""
"""I'm not saying I agree with that nonsense. Â Like I said, I don't understand it, nor would I want to live in a city like San Francisco for that very reason. Â But that doesn't mean they don't have a right to live their life the way they want to. Â Who am I, or anyone else, to tell them how to live their lives? Â I know one gay person, a relative. Â And he's the kindest, most giving, sincere person I've ever known. Â When I hear comments from bigots like 2012Skeeter, it makes my blood boil. Â """
"""I think if you want all the trophies, you SHOULD have to play ALL the game. People work hard on that game & if you can't be bothered to play it all, then you shouldn't CARE so much about not getting a trophy for it."""
"""Looks like there's fixin to be a shootout"""
"""why the hate man? Done nothing to you....ever...."""
"""That's a management issue. Not rank and file employee issue. Quit crying like a cry baby Just because people vote for other political parties than Republican."""
"""bitch please...you are the biggest troll. :P"""
"""""you'll HAVE to delete comments because i make your posts look like crap.""You mean make ALL YOUR comments look like crap.You're only embarrassing y o u r s e l f, mate."""
"""You do not exist as a human being. Please go back into your hole you rotten scumbag."""
"""The article was about Bush you asshole."""
"""They look like MORONS"""
"""Fucking BullShit!How do you have a seizure, hit a car, then get out and speak to the other party and drive off, also hitting the same car, just to have another accident?"""
"""Yo @LukeEmery:disqus you must be too dumb to know what ""grand jury"" means.  Plus who is going to testify against him?  The dead Mexican?  Go shove your idiotic comments up your you know what."""
"""We don't blow up our wives and children in the name a allah, nor did we murder 400,000 in Darfur.Lets not compare apples and oranges. Â """
"""Warren Buffet owes corporate taxes back to 2003..  He doesn't want to pay his fair share..."""
"""Hush little negro don't say a word,Mama gonna buy yawz some Thunderbird."""
"""Moved right? LolStraight jacket, stat!"""
"""santorum is the only real conservative running.Â  As to the occupiers..... what a bunch of selfish, spoiled brats who are morons. What have these occupiers accomplished / anything of real value.... let's see, murder, rape, robbery, vandalism, created a huge financial burden for the local taxpayers(clean up their messes) even child neglect/endangerment as been reported...Â  great accomplishment !Â  Mom must be so very proud. Lost all credibility."""
"""Like Obamas daddy,huh? Obamas pig daddy had 3 wives at one time,"""
"""I can not believe Americans are so stupid, fat and lazy. You sit around in your lay-z-boys watching football and listenening to your ipods that you don't even care that the Country your grandparents and great parents DIED to protect is eroding away because of evil liberals. I never would have even called a Representative in this case. A 'school health inspector' would have had their ass handed to them and then the school principle, too. For even HAVING such a useless position in the first place. Who has time to inspect kids' lunches and who has $$ to pay a person to do that at ANY school??? It's time for you idiots to vote out these libs and elect hardcore Conservatives across the board. Who cares who is President if you don't have a Conservative House and Senate?? """
"""How hard is it for the bimbo to use a towel or baby blanket for a coverup? Toss one in the diaper bag and USE it!"""
"""No you are a corny dumb ass."""
"""They just want a portion of the road so they can carry out their hangings in familiar territory."""
"""Oliver Stone's kid or babies daddies uncles' brother's cousin..is not news. Who cares whatÂ religionÂ he is(I would like to be him when is ""New brothers"" hears the comment he had not abandoned Christianity or when the change his mind about his Jewish blood. (Not talking about Muslims in General just the ones that blow stuff up)"""
"""In Chicago, we say gas station."""
"""No. I know people who re-watch it habitually. I am, in fact, related to one of them."""
"""So you call her a W H O R E making you what.....? Pure? You're a fool and an idiot."""
"""the same with write people . every one do some drug in there life ok not all black people is drug addict so i would like you to stop hating on blacks ok you prick . have some respect for him god know y he do what he did ok have a bless night u prick"""
"""When you say Bama, you are referring to the school, like in your posts below... stop being an idiot."""
"""Chill no need to call them an idiot."""
"""Let's wait to see what the contract and numbers are before getting too upset. Could be a one-year deal that won't have any impact on dealing for a FA"""
"""Whaaaaaat?Â  Excuse me while I puke............."""
"""Whoever takes out the Heat in the playoffs will be America's Team."""
"""sure they will.. 1 pitcher does not make or break a rotation especially when you have the depth the Reds have.. he wasn't expected to come over and be the number 1 he was brought over cause he has the potential to be a #1 that whole deal was basically based on potential and the Reds got the better of the deal.. Calm down no need to point out what he has done so far we all know lets talk about how to get him back to where he was so we are getting out of him what we all expected.. this team is going to the playoffs regardless of his performance it would just be nice if he contributed like he should be and i fully expect that he will pay dividends sooner rather than later"""
"""No actually, you've shown me no source, all recent data has been shipments, idiot. Your other comments would hurt if you were actually relevant, moron of the year. Explain how that's still not dominant, kid."""
"""Yeah so what's the big deal letting Iran and it's friends know they can not trust their software, nor trust in the safety or integrity of everything from their hardware to their people as they play with nuclear materials?"""
"""Oh please, she only has one face, the pout, and she really doesn't need any more practise at that."""
"""Everyone has something to deal with. Some are ugly, some are dumb, some have crooked teeth, some voted for Obama."""
"""lauren are you mad at me?"""
"""Â If not for Panetta (of all people) urging Obama to give a green light on the operation, bin Laden is still walking around making video tapes and lopping the heads off Americans.If you want to kiss someone's-ass over Osama, start with Leon, then move on to the SEALs who got him."""
"""all non-EUs move to London to earn that..not wanted eslewhere"""
"""I agree, I'm just being sarcastic."""
"""Why the fuck didn't you tell her?"""
"""Stop acting like a bitch.  He was a kid for goodness sake."""
"""Citizen9,  you can't keep liberal style lying your way thru life. The truth will prevail. I know thats anathema to you. You need help."""
"""You're da best, Matt Fowler"""
"""Romney is a business who has solid ideas about bringing jobs back.Romney wants a strong military ONLY as a deterrent to attacks by other countries all over the world.BTW, you liberals use the term ""tax cut"" which is false. A true ""tax cut"" is when  our taxes get lowered.The liberal version of a ""tax cut"" is when tax payers are allowed to keep some more of their hard earned money. NEWS FLASH to Liberals:    IT'S NOT YOUR MONEY."""
"""Dude - it was a satire ENGLISH newspaper, called the Daily Squib that made that up.Satire means joke."""
"""You don't."""
"""Are you sure he's even a real person?"""
"""Well we know you are to dumb... You only chose that screen name to satisfy your overgrown ego...."""
"""He used to be like, 100st himself..."""
"""mos po lyp me ja kthy virgjinitetin edhe motres apo nones tonde, po e kan hup virgjinitetin ose e kan shit me pare, e i njejti rast osht edhe me mitrovicen , se baba jot Hashim Thadici e ka shit Mitrovicen o kungull"""
"""Thunder fans are praying they toss duncan"""
"""Votto was in our farm before Krusty ever came here. So was Bruce and Cueto. Phillips was here too but not from our farm you idiot."""
"""So you think there is no reason that a government needs to keep a secret?  Spreading classified info with you was wrong when it was scooter libby, right?"""
"""You know a couple of young apes took her to abuse her.   Only hope she comes back in one piece."""
"""You are right"""
"""evidently your not smart enough to do the same thing or you wouldnt be sitting on your lazy ass dropping spam on this website..."""
"""Got a reference for that idiotic comment?"""
"""Only if Ronald McDonald gives him time off from his regular job as a McSlave at McDoonald's."""
"""How can a porn-star compare herself to the Vi9in Mary."""
"""I shall give you one reason. One reason. And you'll want to kill for that Robocop remake. Jose fucking Padhila."""
"""To the idiots posting on here who think racism is alright....Well it is nor and if you were a victim of racism then you would know...I feel like Balli too and I would kick off as well even if meant i got arrested....Did you seem them dumb fkin poles and ukranians racist bigots.....Racists have a place; sure they do.....in the fkin gutter....And you know what would stop racism immediately or bring it to the forefront....if the racists were to throw swastikas at all the jewish players; I bet the football bodies would take note immediately....."""
"""Áno, vu0161etci u010do ho poznáme vieme, u017ee hrá len do vlastného vrecka !!!!!"""
"""Lavendar is my favorite color but you can get it in any color to match your room"""
"""You would hope so.  Unfortunately, when people are desperate and seeking a solution when there does not seem to be one, they want to believe in anything that will help their child.  I can't fault them for loving their child that much.On the other hand, there are some people that will just believe anything a celebrity says, just because that person is a celebrity."""
"""Spurs 80- OKC 66 3rd Q 3 min left"""
"""@stapler oh my god they're best friend cheating on each other"""
"""HENRY HAWKThe cases that you have cited are not applicable in this instance.Also, there is no known conflict statute within any US State with granting Obama's LFBC full faith and creditNor is there a credible record of a statement by Obama that he was not born in Hawaii as you have suggested."""
"""""Good job, Eric.   You defended yourself against your unarmed little brother, who you claimed to love.   You took that gun with you on purpose, and you darn sure got to use it, as you intended.""A little harsh, aren't you. Nothing like piling on when the guy on the bottom, who admittedly made a huge mistake, is already feeling terrible about it. You are in no position to judge him...perhaps you should try walking in his shoes. His life has been changed forever. And I doubt he premeditated to kill his brother. That's not how accidents happen. Was he careless? Yes. But I doubt he's a murderer."""
"""OH YOUÂ sit down and SHUT THE FUCCCK UUUUP you mental retard! What the fuck do you know retard??? I hate people like you!! Why dont you go get violently killed in a car accident you fucking retarded dick headed bitch mother fuckin ass hole?!!!!!!!!!"""
"""Hi Ally.  Glad you liked Gambler Gal.  She would be my alter-ego IF I had a bunch of moolah to spend.  Alas...this is not the case.  I like the penny slots, too, but you can sure cram a heck of a lot of money into those machines if you're not careful.   Sheesh.HUGS!"""
"""Guess what OP? I'm a <i>real girl</i> that <i>likes</i> wearing make up, <i>likes</i> wearing my hair down, <i>likes</i> being dressed nice, and sucks at Call of Duty. <s>My strategy is to spin in a circle and shoot everywhere. Shoot those motherfuckers.</s>What now?"""
"""Â Supposedly, a very rare pattern in the ""C"" position, or sometimes referred to as the ""bullish doggy-style manuever"", take your pick!Â  LOL!http://www.screencast.com/users/hoof hearted/folders/Default/media/63e5082f-2692-4214-865c-4701ba356a88Very suspect, though!(*if someone has posted this, my apologies, I've not seen it)"""
"""Maybe he is Canadian, would explain why he is gutted not to be going."""
"""Oh, fuck. Yeah, he's not kidding, guys. It's images from the attack, and holy shit they are in a whole new world of graphic."""
"""Evel dick gets my vote James R is a very creepy looking ""man"" Mr Rogers look alike plus he whined like a little bitch when Janelle destroyed ""him"" in the OTEV POV comp"""
"""@Adam12 Hey A12. Was thinking about you today 'cause I was listening to some old blues. How is it going?"""
"""I have watched the video over and over again, and with all the evidence Ballotelli did NOT delibratly stamp on parkers head, for a start parker was behind Mario when he fell, and in doing so knocked ballotelli off balance and tripped over hitting parker in the head, that's what the ref saw, the rest is history."""
"""Yeah, they'd pick up the trash then go thow it in the yard aroud their trailers."""
"""@berethor099 Go ahead and try, dude. Go - fucking - ahead."""
"""So a single parent is better? Get off your fucking high horse and shut the fuck up. Can you even imagine the trauma the two girls will feel? And, the loss of the other female partner won't change the other mother from being gay, I hope you realize."""
"""Rob, you have proven your point already. We understood - you are an antisemit. You can relax now."""
"""Faux is a better source of animus."""
"""It is a great honor to be a Zionist. You are garbage, a retarded idiot."""
"""Sorry,  but that's just a dumb statement.  You're comparing some 3rd party promo to apple's own functionality.  For example, if this were a reference to a carrier removing google navigation and forcing customers to use telenav,  you'd have a valid argument. But not in this case.  If you want to make odd comparisons let's talk about how the iPhone fucked everyone on sprint who enjoyed 1yr contracts, longer return periods and other perks that got taken away all because of the iPhone.  See,  that's why I like Android,  because they don't make the carrier take one up the ass and screw their users out of perks they've enjoyed for years."""
"""sgboy,get back to your cot,I hear your parents calling for you."""
"""@PeevedMichelle Um, good question. Please email polly@blogher.com"""
"""Looks like you have a Stormer problem!..The same team that beat the bulls TWICE...Habs and Jean were great...Morne, Spies and Hougaard was below par...Crusty the clown dont belong in this company."""
"""Joey Barton only has a twitter account because he wants people to massage his ego. """
"""You are a pig."""
"""Got your back, here, r dale. Good post. Typical of the gun nuts in Utah."""
"""His wrist might be bothering him. He's got a chip floating around in there."""
"""Based on the architecture, stucco building and foliage....oh, and the dancing gay black kid, I'm betting this is from Florida."""
"""fly away gay pusssy...fly away."""
"""We're not the losers but  you and this country are."""
"""YOU HAVE A BEAUTIFUL BODY. What's wrong with a man looking at a woman with a beautiful body ESPECIALLY NICE HIPS? If I'm stalker for that then every dude I know is a stalker as well."""
"""Looks like a case of ""Cat on Keyboard Disease""."""
"""Go get them Egyptians.Â  Kill them all!Â  We will be right behind you.Â Â  hahahahehehe(Genesis 16:12) Â He will be a wild ass [uncivilized] of a man (Yismael and his descendants) . His hand [will be] against everyone (meaning a robber per Rashi) and everyone's hand will be against him (meaning everyone will hate him and will attack him per Rashi); and in the presence of all his brothers he will dwell (meaning: his descendants will be many per Rashi)."""
"""Commenter?  Your very childish.  Grow up and be a man.  Stupid remarks like yours just proves that you are a little boy and have yet to understand what it means to be an adult."""
"""Awesome font and color on your card:)"""
"""Not tonight tv844..chill with that.The Brewer and Dodger fans are just enjoying the gamewherever they are hoping that their team wins.Simple ain't it?"""
"""Provide Proof faggot."""
"""Your Mother is the clubhouse whore..."""
"""Your mother's."""
"""That's because you posted all Lies and Bullshyt!!"""
"""His poor mom...she seemed pretty cool. How the fuck did a person so nice end up raising such a cunt?"""
"""Take your ""testament"" and shove it."""
"""suck ya dads dick ya stupid slut, he's waiting 4 u. u probably ugly as fuck, damn i know it sucks to be you, trollin on a joke i made. fall back b4 ihurt yo feelins ho"""
"""Â Yes, God gave us free will.Â  No matter what the sin is, sin is a choice. People weren't born gay.Â  Somewhere in their environment or upbringing, they chose that lifestyle.Â  There are people who enter it and leave it every day."""
"""I don't go to the woods this time of year, to hot, too many chiggers. I stick to shore until it cools off!"""
"""gloves on the baby please"""
"""Why don't you think he'll be worth it?"""
"""There's far worse things happening in Africa,and where's your humanity towards africa.More than half of Mali has been taken over by FSA best mates Al Quaida,Mauritania still has a slavery system going on,Chad,Niger,Darfur,South Sudan are on the brink of famine,Somalia once again FSA best mates Al Quaida ruining the country,north eastern congo there's deaths and mass rapes,don't you reckon some of the issues in Africa are far worse than syrian regime battling terrorists."""
"""You are 100% spot on in regards to that little brat."""
"""Seems like you are on tik you moron! Are all people of your colour rapists of mothers and children? I don't think so. Stop making idiot comments!"""
"""You certainly come off as an arrogant s.o.b.  Your right ends when the safety of others begins.  I don't give a rat's arse THAT you hunt, but keep your bullets along with your second hand smoke away from me.  Sheffield Village is a sprawling area and you are living in the past.  YOU, sir, may have to find a new piece of hunting paradise to fulfill your desires.  As far as history goes, tyhe Indians hunted all over.  Places change.  Get with it or get out!"""
"""The existence of the interstate highway system hardly outweighs the vast amount of other problems with the federal government.I hear a lot of ""you can thank bush and cheney"" from you but what has your precious obama done to reverse any of that?  Oh, do I hear the letters 'ndaa'?  I think I do.  obama is as much a globalist stooge as those two are.The borders are indeed open and if the federal government could accomplish it politically (and they will not stop trying) they indeed would not be illegal aliens.You think you are being funny about the violent savages comment but what good will come of importing masses of somalians, mexicans, muslims, and haitians do us?  These people as a general rule are violent and backwards.  I see no need for the existence of MS-13 in our nation.  You seem to think that I support bush, cheney, or romney.  Nothing could be further from the truth.  These ""people"" are all globalist zionist scum like your much favored obama.  Why is it that it is so hard to see what is right in front of your face?  obama is a sellout to the transnational elites just like bush is.  Their intention is to destroy us and you seem to have your head in the sand."""
"""Thats what I thought about Herge, but turned out he was just opinionated as fuck.Turn the other cheek."""
"""WhatIsBannedIsNeverSuppressed,you're just a sorry ass commie aren't you? Too lazy to get out of bed to better yourself.Much easier to sit back and let others do the hard graft and hand over money to you to live your commie dream.Never mind thinking big, try working big. That's what benefits all.Your type make me sick to my core."""
"""How stupid are you? Do you realize that many women take birth control pills for many reasons besides preventing pregnancy? Educate yourself,fool."""
"""fucking idiots"""
"""Durant needs to do something fine a way to get him free."""
"""Laird ans Avila (and Santos) may be among the Tigers' most marketable players- at least as far as trading for a starting pitcher or a starting 2B is concerned."""
"""you're a fighter not a lover,and your family needs to die too."""
"""@beatles4life  but TNA is full of 'retired wrestlers'? So shouldn't that be 'has been wrestling' too?"""
"""Where do you find time to record an album when you're on trial for murder?"""
"""Â â??It puts politics between women and their healthcare.â?? What do THEY think they are doing? Both sides are putting politics between Americans and their liberty.As an aside, the only reson the left wants people to have all the abortions they want is because they want to control who can and can't have children. They want to create the ""master race"" themselves.Â  Women's rights?Â  Sure, like they actually care. If they did, we'd have occupied the middle east a long time ago in the name of saving women from rape, mutilation, and murder!"""
"""I love a coach that can talk naughty."""
"""Ok. You are a complete retard. Re-read what you just said about a ""bullpen"". You know nothing about baseball!"""
"""Tampa is loosing also. They may give us yet ANOTHER break!"""
"""to be honest, dont you think that some fool made this fake twittwer account up ?"""
"""THERE IS NO WAY ROGER MAYWHEATHER SAID THESE THINGS. HIS ACCOUNT WAS DEFINETELY HACKED INTO. NO MAN OF HIS POSITION WILL SAY THESE KIND OF THINGS. I MEAN, HE WOULDN'T TALK ABOUT ANOTHER MAN'S WIFE IN THAT WAY."""
"""Is this a defensive stand for Theo or an offensive jab at paolo? They really aren't the same thing. If you've been reading him THAT long and dislike him THAT much then ignore his comments. The irony is , many of paolo's views and opinions bring the GOOD Cub Fan out of many of us .( rahrah) The guy was a Military Drill Instructor devoted to creating fearless fighters. He just does it on a different scale now creating fearless fans out of fair weather fans. Just Sayin man."""
"""No, they choose to be gay for the same reason Jerry Sandusky chooses to F boys in the rear...it's deviance, and I agree, once they are caught up in it, it's nearly impossible to stop. But it IS a choice.Â """
"""last summer is  2ne1 vs. suju right ??  and now this summer  again 2ne1 vs. suju  FUCK they forgot b2st ahahahahah"""
"""Hey, when you are in public or on the internet, you cover your private areas with clothing. We don't want to see porn, and that includes your butt."""
"""It gets more and more like Butlins as the weeks go on...."""
"""stfu u dirty ugly wet musty hair havin rican! Dirty ass wetback! I SWEAR I CANT STAND U DIRTY UGLY PALE FACE WANNABE WHITE SPICS POSTIN RACIST BS ON WSHH WHEN U THE LEAST DISLIKED GROUP OF PPL IN AMERICA!!! IMA SPIT IN THE NEXT LIL WETBACK KIDS FACE WHEN I SEE EM BECAUSE OF U"""
"""That is a moronic response. They should not repeat the crimes they commited? Please don t post your trash here."""
"""Please use your search engine before you look any dumber.  or just go straight to the police information so far. . ."""
"""By ""your kind"" I mean angry little Yankee know-it-alls,who are complete white trash in the states they came from and move here and think they know everything, because ""Southerners are slow and backwards"". You were trash up there and you are trash down here. Go home and take all of your friends with you. You are ruining our culture and quality of life. Although, you Sir wouldn't understand anything about quality of life,you are a pathetic internet troll who's entire life is sadly based around your pathetic rants on message boards. Go Home dude."""
"""The fucking website said it worked for A4 devices only; now I'm in 5.1.1, don't have 5.01 shsh blobs (just learned about those), ifaith doesn't recognize my ios, and I have two different redsn0w versions that now don't mean shit. It's great that you guys work so hard, but please... check your posts!"""
"""Ha ha wait until you have your own kids:)"""
"""Now you went and...fucked..up this whole page."""
"""there are many great Jews....i have no issue with the faith"""
"""You know, it is so easy to talk shit about this, you know nothing about what he was going thorough in his life, so fuck off!"""
"""@PickleYou look like Brian Scalabrine's brother.... thoughts?"""
"""Providing oil companies with $4 billion to offset their costs for exploration is socialism, is it not? That little gift did not come from Obama, it came from Bush."""
"""And you need to know classified information because... When it passes into history, there is little anyone can do about it.  And in the meantime, you really don't need that information.  I'm guessing you just want to feel smug about getting it."""
"""Crap, your ChicK as got a run."""
"""Yeah but we love a good smack down"""
"""clintons shirt should read way to go Barry i screwed a intern you screwed the whole country"""
"""I think I'm in love with you..."""
"""THEY FUCKING SLAYED!!!!They just SLAYED everyone and MY LIFE with that SEXY, FLAWLESS, EPIC PERFORMANCE. """
"""I love Serendipity 3's Frrrozen Haute Chocolate."""
"""You shit me not.  What's that all about?"""
"""It's the title that matters in this case :)"""
"""Yes, they are, and Ireland is the richest."""
"""Dear Lord, i believe you are guiding me to find my destiny. there may be lost, there may be obstacles, there may be faliures, there may be disappointments. Yet, i never give up my fight for a wiser way of life. May you be always with us, and guide us away from getting lost."""
"""Obama is working as fast as he can."""
"""Easy to tell when it's the off-season. Ubbs should put a crossword puzzle on the blog."""
"""You are an idiot.......why do you even bother..??.Wasted words."""
"""and rape and incest? Â That's self control too?"""
"""my big homo lil wayne fucks this nigga in his ass when it comes to music"""
"""Irony? This has nothing to do with! You just can't take off your rosecolored glasses long enough to see that there is a real problem a dodger stadium! They need to tear that dump down and relocate"""
"""Is that why your head smells like Obamas-ass?"""
"""Exactly.  McCain is not sexist.  He is also responsible for that complete fucking imbecile Joe the Plumber."""
"""That's the difference.  They can't just make a run and think they can win against the Spur's.   They have to be able to make stops when it counts.  Young team, bright future."""
"""LOL!!!! Do you even realize you are making a fool of yourself? I bet next you will post something Like ""I forwarded your post to the FBI"" or maybe "" I told my mommy"" Speaking of growing up Get busy.Â """
"""this is getting very silly...headline MY RACE HELL...a tad dramatic..."""
"""awww you go back checking your posts for likes. how sad."""
"""You stupid f uuu c    k. I hope you die the same way she did."""
"""But, you couldn't show ANY proof of that, even if it was true.Go away. You are an embarassment to your Klan brothers, your family, your neighbors, your teachers and America as a whole.Find something to say that is not directly quoting Nazi or Stalinist propaganda. The most pathetic poster on the web. You are below Oberbite, a Soros trool or the ignorant little heap that wwrote ""Waiting to Exhale""."""
"""Many ppl report seeing an officer pounding away at his chest while screaming breathe you mofo."""
"""iv installed but siri just says unable to help please try later ?"""
"""Yes, they are-hope you are feeling better.  TIME HEALS EVERYTHING-no matter how many folks say this to you and no matter how much you think your life is over...it's not and it will.  HUGS"""
"""For those of you who do not know this, check out the Dep. of Ag.Â  The food stamp program comes out of the Dep. of Ag. budget. For those of us who are farmers, we would like that explained to all and we would also like the US government to get out of our business with their ""cheap food policy"". The regulations and demands made on farmers by the USDA, EPA, IRS, NSC, etc. would blow your minds.Â  And don't forget PETA! Enjoy every bite of food that you take, unless of course it is NOT grown in this country - farmers in other parts of the world do NOT have to abide by the same rules we do. I have no problem cutting the budget - any business that wants to stay in operation has to be lean to prosper."""
"""@FamousOriginalLucas@noBjustRyan Il have to pack my things and go,dont my me I have been working on my Ray Charles chops"""
"""Being a ""natural born citizen"" is not based on the nationality of your parents."""
"""I've come to discover that actually know the name of an official can mean nothing good."""
"""Michael Jordan won his first title after seven years. LeBron is in his ninth season."""
"""All these news are planted and for getting some extra media attention - that's all ..............................................bloody fucker ............ranbir fucker kapoor."""
"""Are you fucking dumb? ""making it clear that the group was delaying their comeback due to album production and not to avoid competition with other groups.""  You should be thankful that 2ne1 didn't cameback this june, if 2ne1 did, those awards will be owned by 2ne1.  Fuckin insicured fx fan."""
"""wtfff is this shit??? he shot the fuck out for this shit.. Diz won and i only seen this clip of the battle. smh..."""
"""Obama's econimic plan BS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"""You are an IDIOT!!!"""
"""How is it reasonable, Anon, when Harper has done none of the things you attribute to Fascism? All-powerful leader? Has to stand for re-election in three years. Strict social order? You're joking, right? Glorification of militarism? The troops have been recalled and their budget trimmed. Opposition parties? Hale and hearty and full of piss and vinegar. Elimination of organized labour? No, they did that to themselves by pricing themselves out of the market. Advancement of business over individuals? Elaborate. Ethno-centrism? Try Québec, Thomas Mulcair's home ground. Disparagement of the Constitution? That's the SCC's specialty. Belittling the courts? Who doesn't, these days, and for good reason. Dissolution of MP power? Do you see the House of Commons burning (along with those crosses in Prince George)? Spying on ordinary citizens? Child pornographers are not ordinary citizens.Judging by the raving of Harper's enemies on these blogs, if he wins another majority, there's going to be a worldwide tinfoil shortage."""
"""Well, I WAS born and raised in Africa and proud of it! Wth do you think Africans are lesser than you or something?? Take your ignorant ass somewhere else cuz I'm not the one."""
"""See, I was actually reading your comment, until I got to the comment, ""but I completely backed Herman Cain before he backed out because of the scandal."" Then I realized, you know nothing about politics. Do some research. Then come back and make an educated comment."""
"""So you think Cigar Willie Clinton will help obongo win? Balack Obongo has learned his lesson too late. You cant trust a fuckingliberal. Just like you cant trust a liberal troll commenter."""
"""I never liked interleague play but they didn't ask me, lol."""
"""And odumbo is an old lying,inept,loser,communist,ni66er,what's your point?"""
"""Mom looks like an ol' ho from way back herself. Screw her and her pervert a$$ son."""
"""When you could not reveal the names given of foreign a/c holders, you are nothing but an another piece of crap like PM, chidu, deshmukh, salman etc; you all lost the confidence of public because of lies after lies. History will never forgive you guys."""
"""When that nigga tighten his belt I knew he couldnt fucked up...  He look like WANDA"""
"""VIVA mi odpisau0142a, u017ce klip bu0119dzie emitowany jak tylko otrzymaju0105 emisyjny teledysk."""
"""That's what the ""Full Comment"" banner at the top is for... but you are right, the front page links to opinion pieces without indicating them as such."""
"""Are you rooting for Nole now?"""
"""@ahr19   http://t.co/ntz0lK4H ""0BAMA http://bit.ly/LdqWWy http://t.co/LyWpopfJ iN http://t.co/LBpHn8O5 2o12"" http://shar.es/qNGKo http://shar.es/qPLm8 ""iNHERiT http://shar.es/qMm2k http://shar.es/qMnPX THE http://t.co/yQdpnkvM http://shar.es/qNX3H WiND"" http://t.co/bSxX1whh http://t.co/OJ9W5oae ""0BAMA http://shar.es/qVEoG http://t.co/R5ha6h89 iN http://t.co/HHgN3I9r 2o12"" http://t.co/c2kmuftr http://t.co/G3VXfi0r http://paper.li/f-1334936874 ...THEY D0 ABS0LUTELY N0THiNG http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qiaI2 DELUSi0NAL http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://t.co/yHELaHAq http://shar.es/qzCvl ANGRY http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://t.co/Ic3KVhem SELFiSH http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qzt0K http://shar.es/qzMXa LYiNG http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qzCvl http://shar.es/qzsT3 STiNGY http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qi7eM C0RRUPT http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qztz6 GREEDY http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qKUjT http://shar.es/qz7IM CROOKED http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qztz6 http://shar.es/qcyGh C0MMUNiST http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qztvQ http://shar.es/q8Ubh REPUBLiCANS ufeffufeffhttp://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qiaI2 http://t.co/t7tG35Pf ALL HAVE COMMiTTED ufeff P0LiTiCAL SUiCiDEufeff4 2o12 http://shar.es/qKUjT ...THE UNRE-ELECTABLE BiGTiMEufeff LAZY WHiNiNGASS CRYBABY PATHETiC http://t.co/yHELaHAq LOSER http://t.co/yxVUiSFr DEMON J0HNhttp://bit.ly/MrZlgv ""THE http://t.co/v2LfbeYg PACiFiER SUCKA"" B0EHNER http://t.co/srGUvysY DAMN RiTE http://shar.es/q8Dfn LUGAR iS DEFiNiTELY OUT http://shar.es/qzLiJ & YOU'RE NEXT ...THE UNM0TiVATED UNRE-ELECTABLEufeff WELL KN0WN SUPER DASTARDLY WEAKMiNDED http://t.co/yHELaHAq S0RRYASS QUiTTER & LOSER http://t.co/yxVUiSFr DEMON ERiC http://bit.ly/MrZlgv ufeff""THE COWARDLY http://shar.es/qM38B http://t.co/v2LfbeYg WEASEL"" CANT0R http://t.co/srGUvysY DAMN RiTE http://shar.es/q8Dfn LUGAR iS DEFiNiTELY OUT http://shar.es/qzLiJ & YOU'RE NEXT http://t.co/rXNmrt38 ...THE 0LD ufeffhttp://t.co/3xgn4fPb DUMBASS & LOSER http://t.co/yHELaHAq DEMON iTS DEFiNiTELYufeff TiME 2RETiRE http://t.co/yxVUiSFr MiTCH http://bit.ly/MrZlgv ""THE BiGG http://t.co/v2LfbeYg TiME EViL SNiTCH"" http://shar.es/qi1LY McC0NNELL http://t.co/srGUvysY DAMN RiTE http://shar.es/q8Ubh LUGAR iS DEFiNiTELY OUT http://shar.es/qzLiJ & YOU'RE NEXT ""iNHERiT http://goo.gl/Oi4S8 THE http://t.co/ImmDUFcc WiND""ufeff YOU AREufeff MOST DEFiNiTELYufeff G0iNG http://shar.es/qBKPN 2B0W D0WN http://shar.es/q8Ubh ...BELiEVE... http://shar.es/q8Dfn Y0UR 0BSTRUCTiONiSM & http://shar.es/qKUjT D0 ABS0LUTELY N0THiNG http://bit.ly/MrZlgv FiNAL DAYS ARufeffE MOST DEFiNiTELY NUMBERED http://t.co/t7tG35Pf iT iS PERMANENTLY ENGRAVED iN ST0NE http://bit.ly/MrZlgv DAMN RiTE http://t.co/01k4Wu4w PRESiDENT OBAMA http://t.co/lIs1mACd A MAN 0F ALL THE PE0PLE iN 2o12 http://t.co/ImmDUFcc ...FORWARD ...Give Moe Powwa 2Da Peeps"""
"""""The great problem with trying to make yourself stupider than you are is that you often succeed."" --from the Magician's Nephew (if memory serves..)"""
"""I guess you are those who have a fetish for huge silicon boobs."""
"""pretty much the same thing happens to most of the animals in factory farms. This keychain business is horrible, but remember so are battery chicken farms, dairy farms and so on. know how food and clothes and everything you use is produced. Often there are animals that suffer to produce those things. utilize the internet, know the truths! It will change your diet and the way you live :-)"""
"""You would know a thing or two about having trains ran on yourself sending messages from theo lacy..."""
"""I'm assuming he has a mustache as well as the headphones and ipod case? It probably would have been more relevent to mention that."""
"""He was almost hit in the head by the previous pitch. He was a little out of place after that pitch. Imagine getting a curveball towards the head (missing you) and then on the next pitch is a 94 mph fastball down the middle. No way your reaction will be to swing."""
"""try speaking in correct english as well. what dummies are on here today."""
"""Nothing has been proven at all. Just like all those birther lawsuits. There is NO proof. Just because a bunch of gullible people believe it doesn't make it true."""
"""You clearly don't know him."""
"""Who the hell do you think you are saying anything! SOUNDS LIKE YOU ARE THE UNEDUCATED IGNORANT  PIECES OF SHIT TO ME!!!!"""
"""Answer: Yes. No. Yes. Are you retarded? Meh. Nope."""
"""what kills me is if you disagree with me that you are a racist."""
"""You don't wear your brain bucket ....you only hurt you and your family. You become impaired you have the ability to hurt everyone."""
"""He's not an Isolationist. He just does not want a foreign policy that ends in America stomping all over the world like Babylonians. Only RON PAUL will defend Israel when they blow up Iran's nuclear sitesjust like only RON PAUL defended Israel when they blew up Iraq's nuclear sites.Ron Paul is hardly an isolationist, he just recognizes a lot of tough truths about America's foreign policy that the self-righteous warmongers just can't seem to swallow. """
"""Oh Pops you must really really be enamoured with Bill you naughty boy you"""
"""We could start a media blitz like they did with the drug campaign.  You know, the one  . . . ""this is your brain, this is . . ."".  We could show pictures of Pelosi and say . . . this is your bomb vest . . . here's your reward  when you blow yourself up."""
"""Nice use of vulgarity attached to a teen; you have real internet muscles. Nice racist screen name too, if a male you fit the bill as a female nick-name. Disgusting; no way that you are a patriotic conservative."""
"""Child fails to pull plug out of the wall as its glued in!Child fails to push chair to counter as there is an adult in the room! (no children in the kitchen without an adult present and a locked gate)See above for the ovenMiddle child runs off, Can't get into the kitchen,Can't get to any cupboards with bleach in, Can't unplug anything, only has access to family rooms. There are also no hanging leads,blind pulls etc in any of the family roomsThat way I don't have to beat my children (and yes I do count a smack)Using your logic I should come and beat you until you learn how to take simple safety precautions and remember that life is about managing risk not removing it as thats impossible."""
"""People think the Yankees are scary, but nothing's as scary as the Iraq Lobster. http://www.youtube. com/watch?v=AiDR3ZVZso4"""
"""Yeah well done wenger,now van persie will leave for sure, the ox will want to go and no one will want to join our club because your such a muppett ! The ox was running like a mad man we didnt see any sign of an injury? your talking out of your ars again!Pack your bags your sacked!!!"""
"""@NotBornEveryMin http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D6GE0WXZwX4 """
"""How was that not a strike you buffoon?"""
"""Moral of the story:When defending your family, property, and self against a prowler, shoot to kill so they can't come back and sue you."""
"""Allan Evans......some who actually pay to see you......More fool them if they disagree with his tax status."""
"""ROFLMAO!  Surely you jest! 8===========DOkay I am out of here...."""
"""Where are your two pussy friends, lez and dogballs?"""
"""NobodyKnows,from your mouth to God's ear.yours, satx"""
"""SHUT UP YOU DUMBA<m>SS B<m>ITCH YOU ARE DIRTY BROWN WATER TRASH"""
"""courtt239 I'm a cat no shit your dog doesn't like me"""
"""Me?...I'm innocent..ask Sthrnchckxs."""
"""Och vad är den reella skillnaden mot pöbeln där mer precist?"""
"""He's never looked into McKenna's spending spree. Such as the shiny new storefront offices the AG rents at exorbitant rates from buddy Putnam in Tacoma. This has nothing to do with republican/democrat. It's all about buddies having each other's back and making well for themselves - the definition of corruption and collusion."""
"""well he was the greatest Yankees Manager ever"""
"""Kelly made Idol. They owe her as much as she owes them. She is an international superstar because of her voice and hard work not because of Idol. Kelly would have been famous with or without Idol because she lives for music and has a gift from God."""
"""Well aren't you phucking special. It's easy to have all those things when your still living in your mother's basement. LOSER"""
"""is it april 1st??"""
"""F uck off loser colon cowboy. Go back to your boyfriend's filthy, dirty, hair, bacteria infested ass hole and hope that when you pull your c ock out it's not too brown. Or does someone else's s hit on your cock turn you on. You and your type are sick, disgusting perverts."""
"""I like your style"""
"""and it's idiots like you wanting soviet bloc laws as long as they don't affect you. Your both retarded, and you need to go back and read the Bill of Rights and the Constitution again."""
"""Clearly you're a fucktard.  Not saying your right (or wrong), just saying who the fuck just randomly compares a rap group or any other MC on a post about a specific video and song about the dude's mama.  Wtf does SH or any other MC or Hammerdance have to do with this song?"""
"""So you don't actually care about making women feel welcome as part of your professional community, which is generally impossible for a woman living in a sexist society to do (this one) when attention is being drawn to how her colleagues see her as a sexual object. Why don't you just admit it and be honest? I would feel really refreshed if someone like you said, for once, ""We don't want women in our field."" It would look stupid and ridiculous -- since why would you throw away half the available talent just because you want to sexualize everything? -- but then we could actually discuss the real point instead of derailing, dismissive, prevaricating, and dissembling discourse of which this one is an excellent example."""
"""You're certainly what Lenin called a ""useful idiot"".  If you like Islam so much, go where it is practiced ""just the way you like it"".  Get to beat your wife and will, kill your kids for whatever reason turns you on, lie to anyone about anything just because ""it furthers the cause of Islam"" and others around you ACTUALLY BELIEVE YOUR LIES."""
"""It's not being a Liberal that makes you like an idiot, it's when you try to defend this POS POTUS that makes you look like an idiot!"""
"""Why do you white people keep coming here trying to act like they are one of us. Go burn in the sun. I hope they kick all of you pale devils out of Africa.You fools are going to bring pain on to yourselves.You watch we watch. In a world of the lost the battle of open minds is becoming a reality."""
"""@Old Man Game  @jameshardensbeard  @Lost Ones He has ""shit"" in his name.  They should have known."""
"""Good Evening SydneyJane. I hope you have been enjoying yours too."""
"""If your IQ was equal to the room temperature, you'd be living in a refrigerator"""
"""All that plastic was a waste of time....U 4 got 2 have a brain transplant..."""
"""battier sucks again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1"""
"""Is Costa Fortune anywhere near the Costa Brava because the Spanish are gonna pay bigtime for their self indulgence."""
"""Been there, done that, got the shirt.Posting here is part of the counseling for my parole.Thanks for caring though."""
"""CEO TOP is not happy of what you are doing YOUNGBAE, your nipple distracts me LOL"""
"""You are a LOSER."""
"""@Hoss  Yeah, they came out with an album last week. First one in 5 years. It's pretty fucking awesome. Solid rock album."""
"""So, you don't want to bring people out of poverty, Mitt? What exactly is this ""safety net""? Welfare programs? I thought you and your ilk wanted to cut those.You're not concerned about some honest Americans who, sadly, sometimes have to eat stone cold cans of Chef Boyardee ravioli to live since it is ""economical"" ?You're not concerned about those who want a job? Or those who want a better standard of living?You were born into a <i>millionaire</i> aristocracy. You won God's ""genetic lottery"" Powerball before you were even born. You should consider yourself very lucky and try and help the less fortunate with your wealth rather than hoard it in a little tropical island.You, sir, are an complete asshole. What a selfish, callous, and bigoted remark to make.Nobody lives in poverty because they want to, Mitt."""
"""But you're not at the game?"""
"""GO-AWAY GO-AWAY GO-AWAY YOU DIRTY SLUT"""
"""How do you accidentally molest someone?Are you retarded,or did it happen to you?"""
"""ypu do realize you just called your mom a whore..."""
"""Quite sure your mama did too.  Your dad should have went fishing the day he knocked up your mom.  Can't stand you and I don't even know you.  Kids have died and all you have are these ridiculous comments.  Go fix yourself a nice plate of neckbones and rice.  All I want is one little bone to  get caught in that cesspool smelling throat of yours and kill you over.  You know what?  You probably banged a black chick and she told you that you didn't measure up and laughed you right out of the bed.  Is that your problem?"""
"""laptop retina displays are not for cheap people"""
"""Rally against Nazis, George Soros while you're at it Joyce."""
"""Whhhhhyyyy???Also - Yes David was a secret arsehole."""
"""Hey there Less, good to see you!"""
"""<div class=""forum-item forum-topic""><div class=""forum-item-title"">Whats with those American women?</div><div class=""forum-item-description"">Hope Lepchenko wins...that will make10 for 10, I think!</div></div>"""
"""you are a hater..plian and simple...."""
"""Disappointed by the casting of the role of Maleficent! I had hoped that it would go to someone better other than this homewrecker!I certainly don't like it when the bad guy is deeper than we thought! Just because you show a story as to how a person became evil (such as in this case Maleficent or Wicked) doesn't make them any less evil! Idiots!"""
"""What do you care?  you & your 'ilk' LIE every time your lips MOVE."""
"""Read my post- I said ""almost all money"". Of course some tomatoes etc. might come from Mexico or someplace else but the major mark up comes at the supermarkets not to mention the suppliers who buy that foreign produce dirt cheap. Just consider that all those on foreign bases go out and blow their paychecks in other countries too. Even the raw materials and energy used for our military come mainly from abroad.Â Facts are facts and Defense spending creates the least jobs and stimulus per $ spent for the simple reason that more funds go abroad than any other program."""
"""I will go back to my lenses now and try to spice it up a little."""
"""lol i diot we used your money lol what a waist of DNA you are."""
"""eww i like BB but saying the rest of kpop isn't real music just makes you sound dumb as fuck. go back to your wonderfully lame articles and leave f(x) alone. also thanks for increasing our views count MUAHAHAHA."""
"""That second year of fifth grad was a big fat waste of time.  You are one sad, ignorant, liberal troll."""
"""All that hatred inside of you must have eaten away what little capacity for clear thought you may have had. You lack the basic intelligence and knowledge to have real discussions or debates, so you come here insulting people into having arguments. Your insults are childish. You're proving all the negatives about your party every time you type. How about posting your picture... what are you ashamed of? You wouldn't have the balls to push all 'teh stupid' under your real name."""
"""there is a lot of assad slave (shabihah) here fuuuck them"""
"""She can still come back.....Brianti is not that good, Vika is just TERRIBLE today!!"""
"""Not cured yet..I just uploaded a picture about six hours ago and posted a video...I'm just a little confused as you are posting on a page full of my progress for the past 16 weeks...but to answer your question, no I am not cured as of today."""
"""yerpathetic                                                                           0 minutes ago              in reply to design4u1                                                                                           LOL!!You are an idiot.But don't worry.America ALLOWS you to be an IDIOT!!                                        ======================= You Canadians never answer this question why?"""
"""holy fuck, not on no cocky shit but come on son you know i look good"""
"""Chavez is 5 for his last 21, dumbass. If you think that's ""hitting better as of late,"" then I totally expect it, because you're too stupid to bring ANYTHING to the table. Just go out and play in traffic, will ya? You're a disgrace to O's fans everywhere."""
"""You, Sir (Juan Williams), are doing ""irreparable harm to the Court's reputation,"" by calling into question its integrity before a decision has been made.  Moreover, it is shameful that the two Obama Justices are not standing up against criticism's like yours.  Shameful?  Political arguments and congressional vote counts should almost entirely no bearing on the Court's decision-making.  I would expect more from you, Juan."""
"""Deuteronomy 21:18-21:""If a man has a stubborn and rebellious son who does not obey his father and mother and will not listen to them when they discipline him, 19 his father and mother shall take hold of him and bring him to the elders at the gate of his town. 20 They shall say to the elders, ""This son of ours is stubborn and rebellious. He will not obey us. He is a profligate and a drunkard."" 21 Then all the men of his town shall stone him to death.""Matthew 5:18 :""I tell you the truth, until heaven and earth disappear, not the smallest letter, not the least stroke of a pen, will by any means disappear from the Law until everything is accomplished.""You believers are dangerous."""
"""jeffreedWhat makes you think that undocumented humans don't pay taxes?"""
"""Oh I think I do. Let's put it this way, it's not like watching United.Only muppets like yourself can see that's good football. Listen good on them for qualifying, but the football is dross and a 100 odd idiots posting here isn't going to change that.So think again about who the thickos are and add your name to the list."""
"""Well, I don't like to use the word, unless it is special circumstances. But I was testing the limits of the free speech here, because your moderators claim that they don't censor anything. I actually find it sexist to allow the term ""faggot"" but not c*nt. """
"""Danco, don't be upset about not knowing about Wawa.  They are regional according toone of the posts, found mainly in the East.  (PA and NJ)"""
"""More grammatical errors, Vicky<2. You're on a roll today. You are so stupid..."""
"""Good luck, hope you get to go!"""
"""this bring on de wrong ting for fuckin pbs"""
"""Very well said and I agree totally."""
"""The people trying to say legalize all drugs are who the news agencies use as example to why we shouldn't legalize pot.  They hurt the cause more than they know."""
"""""A Cardiff disciplinary panel heard Ms Scarlett, who was pictured wearing a lantern-shaped hat, ""presented herself as a very different person"" outside school"". Lol. i should hope so, she is at a PRIMARY school after all."""
"""Mubarh ho subh pakistanio ko"""
"""I shot the computer with a pistol, for being a fucking cocksucker. Last time it fucks with me in the morning."""
"""And you are the winner of this Eli's discussion! You got it right on the money Tokyo!"""
"""puberty? ha!  just because you behaved like a man only when you were going through your puberty and been a gullible  nancy  your entire life doesnt mean everyone are like you . Pretty sure you got lady parts and vomit when you see blood or gore .. continue advertising your transexuality   on world wide web i have already owned your ass."""
"""Iain Duncan Smith is clearly a dangerous sociopath and should be vanquished from politics asap."""
"""The muzzies don't like it when you fight back. Friggin' cry babies. Go back to what ever hell hole you crawled out of, you homicidal morons."""
""" BeautifulFlaws okay I'm putting my throw back shirt &amp; cow girl boots on seriously I'm coming ."""
"""That can only mean one thing - the mods are on a diet! :)"""
"""Who cares, both groups are equally nuts."""
"""im playing college ball what you, 5 sitting on worldstar frustrated with yo life lame im laugh fuck niggas like you everyday 5"""
"""The waste of time here is you and your comment"""
"""Hot damn.... it's obozo bitch , watch them teeth fold back and them legs spread when they start playing hell to the chief...."""
"""Fuck these two mellow teenage girls with beards...Give us Plinkett review."""
"""Well I think Christ is lovely. He is very entertaining and has a very loyal army of listeners. I love to hear him and his team in the mornings. I hope he keeps going for a long time to come. I also love his TV show Chris Moyles Quiz Night, which is very funny.  Each to his own and I respect that, everyone likes different people and I like him. He is certainly not fat and definately not ugly and he has a very nice face in my personal opinion!!"""
"""jonx,You are crazy, just plain crazy."""
"""Don't forget toe-tappin' Larry Craig, Randall 'Duke' Cunningam, Bob Packwood, Herman Cain, Newt Gingrich, Mark Sandford, John Ensign.Then there's Bob Allen, Mark Foley, Jack Ryan, Steve LaTourette, and of course Rudy Giuliani. The list goes on:    Henry Hyde     1924    Politician, Lawyer    Chicago    United States of America      u201c  Admitted he'd had an affair many years prior u201e        22           Helen Chenoweth-Hage     1938    Politician, Consultant    Topeka    United States of America      u201c  Admitted to a six year affair with a married rancher in her home state of Idaho u201e        23           Bob Livingston     1943    Politician, Lawyer    Colorado Springs    United States of America      u201c  Admitted to multiple extramarital affairs. u201e        24           Bob Packwood     1932    Lawyer    Portland    United States of America      u201c  Resigned from Senate amid allegations of sexual harassment and abuse. u201e        25           Ken Calvert     1953        Corona    United States of America      u201c  Arrested while soliciting a prostitute. u201e         Showing items 1 - 25  of 32   << Prev 1 2 Next >>    Republican Sex Scandals   you can use this list to help  make your own ranked list  about this topic           More Lists       Top 5 Best Dressed Oscars 2011    by Joanne        vote  Top 30 Hottest Jewish Women Under 40    by Greg         The 20 Most Epic Wedding FAILs of All Time    by Brian Gilmore          Post a Comment  Login Via: Facebook Twitter Yahoo! Google       my comment is about                                     Write your comment    Name or Login :                  Show Comments About:               NellyVega-torres   Republican Sex Scandals at 3/05/2012 8:17 PM    WE HAVE BEEN PAYING FOR ALL THIS SEX THROUGH THE SENATORS INSURANCE TAX PAYERS PAY FOR.  reply        disgusted by theGOP   Republican Sex Scandals at 8/27/2011 6:31 AM    REPUBLICAN PARTY = ONE BIG PERVERTED FREAKSHOW  reply        disgusted by theGOP   Republican Sex Scandals at 7/08/2011 5:38 PM    Disgusting two faced hypocrites ready to tell everyone else what is moral and good. Nothing about this gang is good, we should scrap this political pack and start over.  reply        heyrobo   Republican Sex Scandals at 6/07/2011 4:11 PM    just shows how narcissim overrides sound judgement.  reply        heyrobo   Steve LaTourette at 6/07/2011 4:09 PM    that's like having sex with his wife. libtards had to report this.  reply        heyrobo   Jack Ryan at 6/07/2011 4:08 PM    oh wow--he wanted to have sex with his own wife--how disgusting is that for a Republican? That isn't a scandal--only a liberal socialist would call it that.  reply     Anonymous   Republican Sex Scandals at 2/11/2010 2:48 PM    why are republicans so sexy?  reply        kit28   Republican Sex Scandals at 6/13/2011 1:44 AM    they're not...they just lack self-control.  reply           Top inCategory   RelatedLists  Top onRanker        On the Cover of the Rolling Stone Magazine        13 Simpsons Jokes That Actually Came True         vote on this   The Sexiest Female Soccer Players         vote on this   Greatest Pro Wrestlers of All Time         vote on this   The Hottest Tennis Girlfriends and Wives         vote on this   The Hottest Basketball Wives and Girlfriends ...      more by Web Infoguy      Infoplease's Oldest US Universities      Websites Powered by MediaWiki      US News' Colleges With Most International Students      Famous Unsolved Murders         Top inCategory   RelatedLists  Top onRanker         vote on this   The 13 Sexiest Psycho Girlfriends in ...         vote on this   Hottest Brooklyn Decker Photos         vote on this   Best Action Movies of 2011        10 Sexiest Foreign Exchange Students in Film History        Famous Hispanic Scientists        He's ""That Guy"": The Best of the Scumbag Steve ...               Top 10 Current Queries in People  famous tattoosgirls with tattoossuffering quotesdiversity quoteskesha picturesenergy quotesbest pornstar everkaty perry sexytop celebritiesenvironment quotes       About RankerThe Ranker BlogFAQ/HelpSitemapContactAdvertise With UsJobsWidgetsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyPressTop RankersData.Ranker.Com     Information and media on this page and throughout Ranker is supplied by , , Wikipedia, Ranker users, and other sources. Freebase content is freely licensed under the  CC-BY license and Wikipedia content is licensed under the  GNU Free Documentation license.    © Ranker 2012"""
"""You are a fool. Hispanics are hispanics are hispanic to the bone. I hear rubio saying illegals good, illegals good. illegals good, punish all anglo racists. Illegals good, illegals good, legals bad, legals bad. Anglos bad, anglos bad. Uncle Fidel good, uncle fidel good.  LaRaza good, LaRaza good, progs good, progs good, conservatives evil, conservatives evil, conservatives fools, conservatives fools. That his what I hear from your next prog idol that is going to break your heart."""
"""320 millions reason why you are disgruntled angel fan."""
"""he was 10 i hope u burn in hell ricky preddie 5 years and 1 ear is not enough """
"""People are born gayTherefore gay people have the Constitutional right to marriage"""
"""""I picked the Celtics, so the Heat can get motivated and win""-Skip ""water pistol pete jr"" Bayless"""
"""how do you know mother fucker stop assuming shit you don t know you don t know that man like you hypocrite son of a bitch"""
"""we agree to disagree..........when someone wants to double tap me like your little buddy I don't take it lightly.......it's a direct threat.  I thank you for your service now I will continue mine getting Obama removed from office............."""
"""I don't remember Staples filing for Bancrupcy.Maybe you got bad info?"""
"""Lisa, I think this was the most touching and powerful pieces I've ever read of yours.  My heart goes out to all those women battling cancer, their families, and all the families who cannot afford medical care in our country-  The land of the free, home of the brave."""
"""He may be aged a little, but still looks damn good."""
"""More grammatical errors, Vicky<2... You are so stupid..."""
"""Well you ARE special . (damnit Clown )"""
"""HO! HO! HO!  Pedigree him HHH"""
"""Didn't know, but then again I don't care"""
"""Have you ever thought that they actually wanted a ""smooth transition of power""?"""
"""Go back to MediaMatters, troll.You and your pond scum buddies are toast."""
"""And you are a terrorists pig."""
"""<i>Dick Zinya steps up to microphone</i>Tap Tap Tap...DICK ZINYA: &nbsp;BULLSHIT.<i>Dick Zinya walks away.</i>A-a-a-a-a-nd Scene!"""
"""Under what circumstances do increasing public employee's benefits stimulate the economy?"""
"""@Deepwater Horizon  I know many people feel like this and I will never understand it.  It's like saying that if your parents rob a store while pushing you in a stroller that when you turned 18 you should be arrested.   I mean why wouldn't you want this young intelligent people that have grew up here to use there talents here.  It seems silly to me, to waste all that talent.  I'm happy he did what he did.  Everyone is so concerned with right and wrong now but lets be practical.  It cost money to send all these people back and your sending them back with there American education and talent."""
"""He must have been flying by the old adage: ""grass on the field.....PLAY BALL!"""""
"""its fucking massive xd"""
"""@christopher m @jakesnake99 i thought he'd end up being a top 5 PG..  just not right away haha"""
"""The thing that keep the world from nuclear was was the understanding that a nuclear war could not be won.Â  Even if one side was able to blow up the majority of weapons on the other side, the other side would still have enough to blow the other side up.Â  There is a point that one can reduce the number of weapons to where nuclear war can be won by one side.Â  I dont know exactly where the line is but if we cut too far, we actually could be creating a world far more dangerous than one with each side having 10000 warheads. """
"""@mahstah someone get this intel to america.  the time to strike is nigh"""
"""okay now I know your trolling, good laugh, you had me for a while"""
"""I am sorry that your gay affirming inner-psych (opath) was disturbed (mentally) by my use of transgender; but a punk that is a male hiding behind a female screen name, has a myriad of issues (like your contributing zero to the conservative cause ass does too.) If you keep stalking bitch; I'll show you who's your daddy."""
"""""Significant"" - I think more like ""Massive Fraud""! All the more reason to demand a 'picture ID' - either a drivers license of state issuedÂ and tell Eric Holder to go suck an egg since he thinks that requirement would be 'racist'!It is past the time when we should 'guard' one of our nations' most honored privileges!Â Â Â """
"""tamrabam. you are a moron. I assume you vote labour. were you there, no , so shut your gob.  Maggie had the balls to kick them out in no uncertain terms, non of our current leaders would do that now."""
"""meet me in outworld fuck nigga"""
"""anyone still thinks Rondo is not the best pg in NBA this year?"""
"""The Shirley/Annie subplot is one of my favorite plots of the show. Abed's ""subtle"" influences on the whole situation are awesome.""Say your ass is on the line.""""<i>My ass</i> is on the line!""""Say you just got off the phone with the mayor.""""I </i>just</i> got off the phone with the- what, the mayor, stop doing that!"""""
"""Singing ""On the road again..."" lol"""
"""None of your posts have any value whatsoever."""
"""@Powkat Phil Gingrey explicitly endorsed the position that while the OCO is fake spending, the SGR is a fake saving, so using the two to cancel each other out is perfect."""
"""Trump refused to give any ""evidence"", because he has none."""
"""You're a little fella, aren't you?"""
"""maybe u can just fuck off and leave traditions alone.............bitch!"""
"""I am incompetent enough to fiscally to work for the worst PM in Canadian history hahaha!"""
"""The key words being keep thinking, something you have a hard time doing redneck racist retard."""
"""Again, why am I bothering.I'm not just suggesting, I'M STATING AS FACT that all these incoherent hypotheses are both illogical and irrelevant.If Travyon had been found on his back, with his arms spread wide, would that have indicated ""Tampering !""?  I have no clue what Trayvon did in his last seconds of life.  We know he was shot from between 1 and 18 inches, in the chest, which is consistent with Zimmerman's story.  Trayvon had at least a few seconds of life after he was shot, and who knows what his reaction was...  judging from how his body was found, he crawled off Zimmerman and died.  You don't have to roll someone over to check their pulse at the neck.I'm not quite able to figure out just what you're suggesting, but his position at death is irrelevant."""
"""@ail Now why would you come up here talking about your mom like that....fall back son"""
"""Oh CJ, Cj, Cj, you fat ugly bitch! Its just so funny how much you NEED us! You need us to tell you that your husband would rather fuck a barbed wire covered glory hole than touch your 53 year old moldy vagina. You need us to tell you about the health problems your poor children are going to suffer thanks to your fast food and brownie diet. Poor tweenie is going to be teased in school for being tubby. You need us to tell you how stupid you are to go off of a fucking car thermometer to determine the outside temperature and then compare it to a fucking tropical climate state like Florida. How the hell do you function in life? Oh wait, you dont. You sit your fat worthless ass at a computer all day ranting about gay marriage. I hate to break it to you but I guarantee your darling son Sam is going to grow up to be the butt pirate you so hate. What are you going to do then? Throw a bible at his head? It wont knock the gay out of him! Even worse little Sara is going to grow up to be a......LIBERAL! Gasp! Oh nos! So your tweenie is going to be a fatty, sammy a gay, and sara a tree hugging hippie! Looks like your ""christian"" mothering sucks and you should try another route. Might I suggest getting the FUCK OFF THE COMPUTER and going to spend time with them?"""
"""so lets pamper the child so the child never does better. you are an idiot."""
"""With 192+ Cease Fire violations we were treaty bound to resume hostilities, the only question is why didn't Clinton pull the trigger instead of look the other way."""
"""It's been years and you birther idiots have yet to find ONE piece if evidence to support your claims, so who is the stupid one?You are gullible and ignorant if you believe our president was born in Kenya"""
"""Sure you do have my number.You somehow have to alert me when you are in heat.And thank you for giving my number to the other ladies."""
"""Cars was like, ""fuck this i'm outta here."""""
"""Dickhead will just copy and use it, don't bother. We know Rooster is all mouth and no balls."""
"""Buck up little camper. Economics is cyclical, always has been always will be.. When there is enough buyers in the market, the price of your home will go up. I guarantee it."""
"""I have read yourcomment and I have to point-blankly ask you for one incidence where a personwas locked up for DUI that didn't blow over the legal limit or have a bloodtest that wasnâ??t over the legal limit. Just give everybody even one example.Because anybody that truly was not DUI would have a serious law suit againstthe Macon police department and win big. So give us just one story...or is thiswishful thinking on your part?"""
"""That was fucking sick"""
"""I don't agree with that either; Melissa I am born and raised here and I have seen first hand how this department and the judicial system work hand in hand. Mr. Small as you so elequently put it is a drug dealer but a majority of the upper class around here are; I could name a few but I won't we are profiled because we are not supposed to have nice things or money point blank...."""
"""lol Igor should be in it. He can penetrate people with his long ass nose."""
"""Cheap pathetic references to Nazi Germany, you dont know how good you have in this country A-Hole!"""
"""Conservatives are to blame for some of this for wimping out on it. Why are we not working on laws to ban gay marriage on a federal level and letâ??s not stop there? No gay adoptions we need a man and a woman in these kids lives. Regardless of what liberal propaganda tells us, conservatives out number liberals 3 to 1 why do you think fox is so big and liberal radio shows are basically non existent. Why is it 85% of Americans were against Obama care and yet because of the majority in congress it was passed anyway? Conservatives need to get off their keesters. In Arizona these things are not radical, there mellow. Start working on making homosexuality illegal start far to the right just as the liberals start far to the left and they get it (Obama care etc.) no this is the conservativeâ??s fault. Gay people need to feel shame in what their doing, not heroic as the liberal media makes them sound. Make it illegal and that will help in giving them the shame they should already feel. Itâ??s just not right itâ??s not a matter of hate I guess I hate rapists to because I donâ??t feel thatâ??s right either.If we glorified rapists and made them sound all heroic would it become a RIGHT to be who they are? That's how they were born. They didn't choose to be that way they just are so they should have the RIGHT to rape any man woman child or animal. This is the liberal logic. Next their going to want to pass laws that being a rapist is just sexual orientation. You would even see ignorant people trying to say the bible says its ok. If it were ok then 2 men could have a baby without help from any women and 2 women could have a child without using any sperm from a man. Nope sorry just not possible. """
"""Hasn't been pathetic yo, it will take a little while to get them back though, Mccourt actually trashed us."""
"""You guys got to stop comparing him to Heath. If you go into the movie already thinking he will not be better than Joker than you are only ruining his performance yourself."""
"""I pull nothing from you, Hanni. But, keep parroting me, in lieu of thinking for yourself. It will at least make you sound a little smarter than you really are."""
"""her turkey sandwich sounds better than chicken nuggets at the school.Â  school lunches suck."""
"""Idiocy. Just say things then give no facts. Here's some facts. 3,000,000 people missing from the work force. The lowest workforce in 30 yrs at 63.2%. Median household income down 7%. Gas prices have doubled. Debt rising at a 4.2 billion dollar a day clip, and rising. 48% of Americans are below the poverty level. 46% more Americans on food stamps. Electric bills up 300 dollars a year. Average age of an American owned car 10 yrs. I can go on, and on. This POTUS is a joke. Look at his past voting records in Illinois and in the US Senate. Consistantly voting present or abstaining. He's a consumate politician. Strictly worried about covering his ass, and saving his job. Thank the stars he is alienating the Catholics. After that fiasco you can stick a fork in him, he's done. HGis IQ is on a par with the mouth breathers that voted for him. All he's got is those mean ole corporations, and class warfare. Only the uneducated will fall for that. There's a lot of them though."""
"""Did you see the picture of President ""Limber Neck"" bobbing his head to the Mexican President on Drudge front page? http://drudgereport.com/"""
"""These descriptions of Zama might as well be SHAPE HS.  The same divisions, nastiness, weak leadership in both the principal and the new assistant principal are as evident in Mons as in Zama.  After Ms Fitzgerald cleans house in Zama, she should head directly to Belgium."""
"""the difference is and this is a big one.....you and fellow trolls live and feed off our blogs( ND's blogs ) ""sharing"" your  "" opinions"" and comments ""....with no interest in talking positively about ND football like us fans....your sole purpose is to antagonize us......if you really think about it, you and your idol, Strike First are a pretty pathetic pair ..."""
"""You suck. You probably don't have any friends. Your family probably abandoned you in disgrace. Go crawl back under a rock and do this world a favor and stop existing. You think you are cool because you think you understand the situation and call this man a coward and pathetic. Well congratufuckinglations. You just showed the world what a doouchebag you are. I don't know if its because you are emo or you think trolling will earn you respect but i don't give a damn. Go dig a hole, bury yourself in it and stay there. If you don't have anything good to say you better expect nothing back."""
"""You will never get a job in Government, too much common sense  and stating the bleeding obvious. Bettie Windsor and Diana Ross seem to prefer Northolt ( for different reasons ) so why not look again at the utilisation."""
"""I agree about Art of Fielding, the writing itself leaves a bit to be desired, but I did enjoy the book."""
"""@noBjustRyan trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade trade"""
"""Maybe, and if so they are  thieves as well. It makes no sense to bitch about the quality of the item you are stealing. If they were that shitty, I expect they would not be stolen."""
"""Your point is as valid as the hole in your head that you obviously gave to yourself before making such an idiotic statement. And bringing politics into it? Could your trolling be more obvious?"""
"""fuck harry potter"""
"""I guarantee you are wrong. No way in hell the refs call five T's on Miami."""
"""NO, NO, NO. The intention does matter. Outrage can't be justified by itself. The ignorant thing is the outrage, not the design. That goes for the Star tee and these shoes. People somehow got the idea that any outrage they can grow, is somehow justified just because they 'feel' it. Fuck that, let me wear shackles and stars and whatever else I want to. It's not killing anybody, it's not even fucking referring to whatever you want to feel outraged about. Please end this tsunami of holy outrage."""
"""Mr. Genetski receives a salary paid by the taxpayers. We are paying his legal costs. Just like YOU are paying for a teacher's night out at the bar?   Get over yourself."""
"""Congrats on the feature! Hope you feel better :("""
"""fuck this gane this fucking fake"""
"""Romney could beat Obama in an election with both hands tied behind his back."""
"""Wow!  we got us a real literate einstien here don't we???  ""dush bag""?  And such grammar!!!  Maybe you should have stayed in school past the 2nd grade retard!  What happened,  momma spend all her welfare chk. on booze and crack???"""
"""OK - so where am I going wrong wanting an ""Earl Campbell""? If someone like that were available/"""
"""I see this morning they've already had one Komen health official resign in protest over the decision.  The bad PR just keeps on coming.Pema, good job on focusing this story on the specific clinics like Waco that are going to feel this cut moreso than others.  It's important in this instance for people to see the reality and what really happens when decisions like this are made for political, not practical, reasons.  Please bring us more stories like this one."""
"""@WetShoesClassic @Hoss   I got to a point where I started eyein' the liner notes every time I listened to a Zeppelin song to see what blues artist wrote it"""
"""LOL looks like you're about to eat it"""
"""I'll betcha $10K you won't get your money back..."""
"""You are welcome :)"""
"""It must really suck to be so hated that you have to stack the deck with your media pals."""
"""not funny dude....but I get it."""
"""Greatness ? how do his balls feel in your mouth?"""
"""LMFAO just checked Vaders wiki and it says this on his WWE Return in 2012 And I Quote ""Vader made his WWE return on June 11th, 2012 when he defeated Heath ""The Southern Rock Band"" Slater on WWE Raw. He was later beat by The Bushwhackers in a handicap match"" Looks like we got The Bushwhackers return up next."""
"""doughty should just be called the towel cuz i was think i have to clean something when i hear his name"""
"""He a-hole I'm a Leaf fan and I know they are crap.  You didn't read what I said.  Today you hate them, tomorrow you love them.  What are you 10 years old with the go take a crap.  Does your mom know you are on the computer and not in pre-school getting beat up.  A-hole.  Doesn't sound so good does it."""
"""fuckkkkkkkkk wfd"""
"""this post is so shallow and pathetic. Kudos to people who are growing old with out trying to defy the laws of nature, and half of your posts are merely bad pictures you are trying to write off as ""not growing old well"". Must be a slow news day because this is truly an all time low."""
"""That is because you are not a fan. Go watch the Heat with the rest of the bandwagon jumpers in this town. So very sad."""
"""@skywaker9 (David) back off"""
"""A crazy muthafucka named Gusto!I fucked ya wife cuz the bitch is a big ho!I fucked ya sister, I fucked ya cat!I woulda fucked ya mom, but the bitch is too fat!That shit was way funnier than it had any right to be."""
""" FUCK OFF NIGGER YOU'RE NOT-AMERICAN YOU POS-FAGGOT!"""
"""You are a rock star! For real. xo"""
"""White Sox are in first place. Some of you Sox fans are so spoiled. You talk like Jim Hendry came over from the Cubs and you havent won in a hundred years. Get a grip."""
"""@avclub-68c81a145181a6b3092221895a3fd1a9:disqus ..."""
"""Your an IDIOT!"""
"""Sadly, the Catholic church has many criminal molesters, most of whom are homosexuals."""
"""This has got to be the stupidest story I have ever read. Yes, the USDA regulates school lunches that they prepare, on campus in their cafeteria. They do NOT control what parents can pack and send their kids to school with in their lunch boxes. If I were that mother, I would send my kids to school the next day with a big ole bag of Doritos a whole pack of cookies and a bottle of Mountain Dew, with a note attached to the lunch box that says ""My mom says you can suck it"""""
"""Your an idiot"""
"""...............HORSE TRAINER my AZZZZ.....TRUCE....?"""
"""How do we know Terry Krepel is your real name.  If you are not a gutless coward, you'll provide an address and phone number.  Now, we are paying attention...don't be a gutless coward and p*ssy!"""
"""idiot nayar you are mother fucker. you are saying attack on Shri harmandir sahib was a right action, this shows you negative thinking about sikh community. All siks are agree with building memorial thats why any sikh organisation does not oppose. You have no concern with issues of punjab. The wording you used in this article is very rude and this shows your hate about sikh community,,,,,,you are barking dog,,,we don't care you"""
"""Have you always been a victim?"""
"""You are either very ignorant or terrible at sarcasm"""
"""@rafaelinho10 ya right that shit is pathetic. Its the same software as 6 years ago. Apple adds a few features, most of which could be done by downloading an app, and you isheeple cream your pants. Man it would suck to be as narrow minded as you all lmfao"""
"""Madison, I admire you for sharing your story. You are a wonderful inspiration! I only found your blog about a month ago and love it!  Thank you for opening up like you do."""
"""Yep people can be pretty dumb -- exemplified by your #1 argument."""
"""@Cruxen Good. Actually, really good. And it's good to know that I remind you of the Delta, hahahaha. How's it with you? Are you still early morning cblogging with Dap?"""
"""I find it funny how some fans are more worried about whose better or how many albums they sell instead of just enjoying the music. Some fans need to get their  priorities straight."""
"""Chris, please stop commenting, because you're obviously still trying to catch your breath from your sucking off Cook. This has made you more retarded than usual."""
"""Did you read the article? They never married. And YOU do give a crap because you're commenting...."""
"""Looking up a definition doesn't make me an authority on labeling people.  Therefore, your diagnosis is invalid."""
"""Romney is the Etch-A-Sketch man. A term given to him by HIS OWN campaign staff.Beware."""
"""Hmm... jeu017celi teledysk do ""Fuck it"" wyjdzie najpóu017aniej w Lipcu to ten manager jest mistrzem <3"""
"""<b>""MEET MY DEMANDS AND THE ANIMOSITY BETWEEN US SHALL BE OVER! YOU MUST OBEY BECAUSE I AM THE GREAT AND POWERFUL JOHN FROM BERKELEY""</b>"""
"""Lol man your gonna call him a loser and to get a life when you are on here sticking your nose in their business?? Your a douche bag who probably has never even seen a vagina. Go get laid and see that there is more to life than being a Dick like you obviously are."""
"""Maybe they will create a black hole that will suck in the entire facility."""
"""Internet threats are just threats, stupid punks, I hope. We have to worry about the violence that takes place in parking lots after the games."""
"""@TeeBooWa HAH YOUR'E ONLY 14? FPFF AND YOU TELL ME WHAT TO DO? I'M WAAY OLDER THAN YOU WHO YOU CALLING A BITCH AND A FUG? YOU DOUCHE BAG BITCH I WANNA PUNCH YOUR EYEBALL OUT AND KILL YA FUCKYA"""
"""Oh yeah. Like you would have stopped your car and assisted. You're a lying idiot."""
"""You can't make a bomb with uranium enriched to 20%."""
"""aaahhh, how sweet........read your post ..........it is the sign of an enabler.....oh yeah, but aaaah, how sweet.........puke"""
"""Sic? Because you spelled it ""center"" or because you think it should still be called SkyDome?"""
"""You're probably a phuuking dyke....aint ya beotch ?"""
"""gulfstream69: We have many social nets for people and if you're not taking advantage of them during tough times and claim to be 'poor', you are just stupid.  Poor are people in the slums of Indian or the Sudan.  Amerians don't understand the true meaning of poor."""
"""What are you smoking, Rucker?  There's no enthusiasm for Romney anywhere except maybe among some Mormons...and probably not even all of them.   No, it's simply that Obama has turned out to be such a miserable loser, that anyone else will do."""
"""fucking hell"""
"""Marriage is a worthless ceremony, almost as worthless as religion."""
"""You're a liar. I was on that night dealing with  two of you trolls an hour before anyone showed up.This isn't a physical fight here on this screen, you moron. In order for what you say to be the truth, I'd have to sit back and say nothing while others fight for me, and if that were so, you would never have been reading me for some time.It's one thing for you to be a liar, but quite something else for you to be a STUPID liar."""
"""We are crap, you said it yourself."""
"""No Brees = tank season for Bradley and start overSimple as that."""
"""Steve,go brush your teeth with a revolver you dumb bastard"""
"""Dimwits.  They prevent Eric Holder from stopping the guns getting sold in massive quantities to people about to go into Mexico, and then they get all apoplectic.  Where did Monica Lewinsky's dress go - are they sniffing it before their tirades so they can psyche themselves up?"""
"""Mo ain't coming back and getting close to 15 million  he got this year.  Be  realistic he is very old athletically.  He  will pitch one last time and then retire like Wood did."""
"""Truths? Are mine the same as yours?Â  Speaking the ""truth"" often involves hurting peoples feelings.Â  For instance if I were to state I believe homosexuality is a chosen life style unlike being born a racial minority.Â  Or if that I believe that that chosenÂ lifestyle is amoral and perverse, not far from the vestiges of pedophilia, bestiality, or nechrophilia.Â  And, it's got absolutely nothing to do with religion.Now there's a whole pile of truths for you.Â  """
"""That has to be the stupidest comment I've ever seen."""
"""Â We have more where he came from. Don't rest, we are watching your fat azz."""
"""I am liable to go to a 7-11 for a pack of cigarettes some day and the guy or gal behind the counter will take my money and hand me a live grenade! I don't see many Americans behind the counters at 7-11 or Kroger's or the gas station or the bank. Do we have any born here Americans left who have jobs? This reminds me of the guy who was at a bar and a big muscular biker walks in and takes his drink away and drinks it! The little guy says ""I went to work late and got fired...I went home and my wife was in bed with a stranger and then my dog bit me. I took my last 5 bucks here and bought a drink and dissolved some poison in it to kill myself and you come along and drink my drink! So....how was your day?"""""
"""What are you talking about? Zimmerman wasn't police and Obama isn't black."""
"""In my area the scrap men and women are around everyday sometimes one in the morning and a different one in the afternoon,that includes weekends. If you leave anything on the path it goes. I left a spin dryer for my cousin to pick up on the driveway when I went to work,before he could pick it up the scrap people opened my gates and took it."""
"""Those evil Syrian soldiers are eating babies, and the helpless civilians only want peace.  Why are the evildoers winning?  Why can't the white knights of pure Western goodness go do something about it?"""
"""""...erections.""Then why are they targeting women?"""
"""Nope, I'm fecking huge and I'm from Leeds. Also, since when was Aberdeen in the north of England?"""
"""you are right - if only we knew which balls were which and whos balls were in whos pockets - we would then at least know how many balls were still on the table and in play - :)"""
"""@YinzerinCT That took me about 2.76 seconds"""
"""Because you are so cool, that's why!!!!"""
"""It looks to me like the federal government wants Florida to let illegals and non-residents vote. Those are the votes Obammy needs.  The law and truth means nothing to the federal government. All it cares about is getting a second term for Obammy."""
"""You're kidding.  Right?  Do you read the news?"""
"""vector comming from some-redneck like  you i that it as a compliment. some goes for cslos77 Been call a idiot by a redneck always give me a smile"""
"""If these ignorant fcks h8te the USA then just leave......simple ....quit harassing American citizens"""
"""really risky pick! hes done now!"""
"""all these police and security yet people get in with flairs meanwhile in england a 100k+ a week player gets called a name and there is uproar go figure"""
"""2007 and they made it to the world series"""
"""@SusieMo http://candk.ytmnd.com/"""
"""@hamm5 @DawgJamFan I'm not sure their is a ""prototype"" build for the rush OLB in Grantham's scheme.  It is basically whoever can get to the QB best.  I think Jenkins definitely projects outside as well as Floyd.  JHC could definitely play outside, but I think he is the only one in this class who could also lock down the inside as well."""
"""Santorum needs to stop whining about the negative adds - he's been free-riding at Newt's expense this entire time so now it's his turn in the box.  After all, he's a lawyer and needs to suck it up - but of course he doesn't want people to know he's an attorney since that might spoil his choir boy image.  Newt said he wasn't for mandates so rick needs to stop promoting it.  Besides, rick didn't mind piling on with Mitt to try to bury Newt early on.  But at the end of the day, what solutions does rick bring to the table? He didn't do anything when he was in congress and time after time he ABANDONED HIS PRINCIPLES TO PLEASE THE LIBERALS IN PENNSYLVANIA! And what did it buy him?  A 19 point drubbing in his re-election!As for the campaign, he's brought no rational or reasonable solutions to the table - instead, like mitt, his best solution has been to say ""I agree with Newt""  - and his economic logic is elementary and fatally flawed.  Newt has been spot on predicting where king hussein obama is leading us, including the attack on the church, which is simply the avenue to establish the legal precedent that the WH has the power to tell us - all of us - how to act, how to respond, and what to think!  That's the real issue from obama and his henchwoman michellivelli!  Not only will rick be behind on tidal wave of rot that will flood him if elected, he will not be able to get congress to do a darn thing!  And when his failed 4 years are over, the demonic dems will come back to power with a vengence by simply pointing at rick's miserable record and lack of ability to lead in a hail storm of enemies on both sides of him!  So rick should just suck it up, stop whining and run the gauntlet like Newt has had to ... if he can't stand the heat then he can't lead the country!"""
"""let me rephrase:In other words, you are an insane pussy."""
"""Why don't the Koch brothers get off their fat ass wallets and actually run for office ... oh ... right .... they would LOSE in a crushing landslide."""
"""I am sorry to say that California has been cooked for a long time.    That state did not get to the point it is at over nite.    I just pray that it can pull out of the nose dive."""
"""Vote, Look where this loon is getting her information.  PBS Socialist Network.  roflmao!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"""With a screen name like yours, you need to s..t..f..u.."""
"""@Rourke needs to give me a fucking like I am from a family of nurses.  They are much more liberal than I am (my sister in law supports a single payer system, I support getting rid of the hypocratic oath and the AMA).  I have gotten their diagnosis, even had them get me scripts from their diagnosis."""
"""I'd agree. Very friendly town, and it's friendly with depth. I've lived in other areas where people are 'friendly' but it's more of a politeness with little warmth."""
"""and .. have you made a conclusion yet? We're gonna buy a 7d tomorrow the plan was with a 18-135, what did you not like about it.. what would you recommend?"""
"""Once demtards figure out how many HoHo's are appropriate for a public vending machine, republicans can lead this country once again. Then the demtards can go fantasize about making the.cock they suck their husbands. Sissyboys!"""
"""If you lose your life because of stupidity, good riddance!"""
"""every time o butt fucked opens his oral, only shit and millions of little sperms come out ..... that is when he don't swallow.... puke....."""
"""straight men will fuck anything!!"""
"""@dale0987654321 @'Micah Carter So you're saying those claims are all false...?  I don't know... just from my understanding these are in his book.... but I can be wrong... I'm just saying if they are true....should I just assume he's racist?From 'Dreams of My Father',""I CEASED TO ADVERISE MY MOTHER'S RACE AT THE AGE OF12 OR 13, when I began to suspect that by doing so I was ingratiating myself to whites""From Dreams of My Father, "" I FOUND A SOLACE IN NURSING A PERVASIVE SENSE OF GRIEVANCE AND ANIMOSITY AGAINST MY MOTHER'S RACE"".From 'Dreams of my Father', ""The emotion between the races could never be pure..... the THE OTHER RACE (WHITE) WOULD ALWAYS REMAIN JUST THAT: MENACING, ALIEN AND APART""From Dreams Of My Father, ""never emulate white men and brown men whose fates didn't speak to my own. IT WAS INTO MY FATHER'S IMAGE , THE BLACK MAN, THE SON OF AFRICA, THAT I'D PACKED ALL THE ATTRIBUTES I SOUGHT IN MYSELF.From Dreams Of My Father:""THAT HATE HADN'T GONE AWAY,"" he wrote, BLAMING WHITE PEOPLE,- SOME CRUEL, SOME IGNORANT, sometimes a single face, sometimes just a faceless image of a system claiming power over our lives."""""
"""All group chats are now viewable by everyone."""
"""You're smartest post yet.."""
"""Your name is so ironic."""
"""scumbag. I read it as jimmy carter"""
"""MR PRESIDENT i ask only one thing just band sirasatv and shakthi tv, becouse they want distroyed our mother land they are not midea they are under TNA and LTTE PLEASE take action. if not one day our srilankan explose on this midea. no respect pushing small group for vilonce...and giving fals infomation on there own profit only when i see sirasa news im shame on our midea like sirasa...sakkili like sri ranga pimpi sakiliya"""
"""However your language is offensive."""
"""perhaps selling  out your parents to the nazis to save your skin works for you?"""
"""BasedGod didnt fuck your bitch as yet?"""
"""Another good one, Coach Self will be lost without Danny.  KU and Coach Self will miss Danny, but Coach Self has won before Danny, and will win after Danny."""
"""Too true! Storm of Swords is my favorite by far. It has all the intrigue and action that the first two books builds toward. And yeah, some of the predictions are... scarily accurate."""
""""" The Filipinos have learned to realise that it is better to be associated with America than any other superpowers. ""Oh, really ? Check your history, idiot. I'd rather we pick our own selves up, so we wouldn't be a joke to the planet. Such as this guy. And what's your basis for this delusion ? An American fuck you in the ass ?"""
"""Listen: Â I am anti killing, but I am not anti guns. Â I am anti DUI, but I am not anti cars. Â I am anti dog bites, but not dogs. Â I am anti shop lifting, but I am not anti merchandise. Â I could go on and on. Â I am anti gay marriage but not anti gays. Â Get the picture."""
"""Stop glorifying these idiots and you'll be better off.   Go Browns !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"""Your mom must be a real low life trashy hook er"""
"""So, now we know what you are by your own identification, fool, will you kindly moveon.org and stop cluttering up the place and so we intelligent posters can post?"""
"""Top scoring team, against the top defensive team....bring on the Finals!!!!!!"""
"""You are not alone !"""
"""Maybe you should read that first sentence you wrote again slowly. You are bending over to far to make an illogical point. We are starting to see your ignorance."""
"""You have got to be fucking kidding me! LMFAO! You have got to be the most naive fan or you're just a troll. I'm assuming you're just a troll. Not all of your oppars and unnirs are virgins sweetie. This is the 21st century. It's rare for anyone to wait until marriage, EVEN in Korea."""
"""Because in Bills world he is always right and everyone else who disagrees is a pin head.Or a zealot or a bigot. The man is a boar and bombastic. That sells you say. I will predict that his rein at the top is over, He inadvertently thought that his viewers were so sucked in that they would buy anything he says as gospel. He underestimated his audience badly. It pissed him off that the meek would dare to question his almighty wisdom. There are many people going to be raised up these days to try and prevent the takeover of this county from the rich establishment trying to tell the people what they should do. What we have found out is that most of Fix have the same agenda as the dems,.To be in control! Thats whats going on here. To control the money the masses and the airwaves. Keep you distracted so you wont notice whats really going on. Another Sun Tzu law. Never underestimate your opponent, Big mistake . Tonight they are trying to remind the people their job is to root out the facts. Sorry Bill it wont work with people who see a fix when its in. Trying to say a poll that was flooded by romney people would make it even. Look at all the other polls on these sites that you didnt get to promote on your show. Of course the moneyman would see to it you were""fair""Thats how you make your money. Just step outside for a minute while we kill mitts opposition and when it happens you start talking about all the lies and negative campaigning.Horse feathers. Anybody who isn't for romney sees it very clearly.Hmmm You will know when the next ratings cycle. Because thats what you are to them people. His rating numbers.They mess up that fair and balanced bit and the gig is up. He knows your hot buttons and he pushes them all the time doing what the elite do. Read these boards and laugh at how stupid these folks are. Its easy to get you to do or say anything they want. You are played like a deck of cards and you cant even see it. I am just a voice crying out in the wilderness with the hope at least one person hears me.Have you noticed not one Mormon has desputed the facts about that cult.Make them prove its a lie with sources not neighbors. Ever seen one rebuttal that was fact based. My word is try saith the Lord. Stay frosty.""I warn everyone who hears the words of the prophecy of this book: If anyone adds anything to them, God will add to him the plagues described in this book. And if anyone takes words away from this book of prophecy, God will take away from him his share in the tree of life.""  (Revelation 22:18,19)(NIV)-BibleGatewayin regards to the NIV changes the word. Let not your heart be troubled for these things must come to pass. Do not resist for this is the way it shall be.Brought to you by The Holy Spirit.and you know who."""
"""You are still anonymous though."""
"""@totnumfan Just about goalkeepers?They laugh at everything they will never have.They don't even know the meaning of the word ''legend'',since they have hardly ever had one. """
"""Too thin? Yes that is what she said,  while laughing and pointing,  and then serving me divorce papers.  :(8mm is about as thin as I think it should be. Just my preference."""
"""Jennifer you need to learn to be by yourself.  You do not need a man."""
"""They will, but I still think they will not have as much gusto as they would have if it were Santorum."""
"""I'm single, and but when I haven't been, I was with guys who regarded Valentine's Day as a ""card holiday,"" even though they never even got me so much as a card.  It makes me sad when I think about that.  But I realize now that while romance is nice, I have a wonderful daughter who loves me just the way I am, and we're going to take the day to have some fun (and I'm planning on making her some cupcakes and buying her a little present, too) and appreciate the fact that we have each other. :)"""
"""HOLY FUCKING SCHNITT!  he called pete raping gertude (doppeltrudy), the au pair ""having an affair""-- there are no words..."""
"""Making fun of Catholics is not ""edgy"".Â  It's childish.Â  ""Edgy"" involves risk.Â  It's not like the Catholics are going to issue a Fatwa and encourage people to blow her up.Â  Want to be ""edgy"", Ms. Minaj?Â  Do the same thing to Muslims.Â  I triple dog dare you.Minaj is just a flash-in-the-pan who tries to ""shock"" in order to hide the fact that she's not particularly talented. Â  """
"""Having a high intelligence is also generally inverse to being a Republican, so it's not all bad."""
"""@KeithB18 Isn't he though? ""Someone's talking shit about a unit I've talked shit about. Pure blogging gold."""""
"""Does smoking dope harm your ability to read, or are you and Duncan20903 just chronically stupid?? Read what the guy I was responding to SAID, cretin. Honestly..."""
"""Hey 2Hot you must be manny's CPA"""
"""Fuck you, you fucking dork."""
"""Yes, you are the only one. They are grown men that can take it its not kids playing the game."""
"""I think she's an idiot! All he does is cheat on her! Come on Vanessa, you're gorgeous and you certainly can do much better!!!"""
"""I went to see the Grateful Dead there on acid a few times years ago and I never fell. whats the deal with this new younger stupider generation of clean cut short haired yuppie non drug users who fall and die?"""
"""Why doesn't Kenny just send out some staffers to pose as new Canadians?  That'll distract 'em."""
"""Pelosi is one of many, who is standing behind the most criminal, obummer. But if they stood really close together you couldn't tell them apart. They both, along with holder and all the rest of-em, are outstandingly/extremely deadly. They all look like death warmed over.But don't trust any of them. They look dead because they are dead, but they are the dead that can kill you if you aren't careful. I hope there will be some good news soon. I'm sick of this whole damn mess and more so, I'm hoping that We, The People, will have learned the lessons we're being taught on horrible government, from the horrible governmental places where the dumb are in those schools of law, all the way to the White House."""
"""SEE WHAT YOU GET FOR TRUSTING OBAMA ,CANADA LOOK OUT YOUR NEXT"""
"""@Mineola @PowkatHow 'bout if some of those ""Catholics"" stood up to their own bishops. ""Catholics"" choose a hierarchical structure that lets bishops speak for them."""
"""The only thing Murray is going to beat is his racket against the ground. Nole in 3 easy sets."""
"""Poor deluded psychopaths. News flash, marriage is UNNATURAL. It is a construct of beings that have stepped out of nature for the most part. Construction, vehicles, technology.. all ""unnatural"" if you think about it.Now, if you're talking about the pairing off into couples by animals in nature, sure.. they do that. But it has never been about property rights for them, like it used to be for humans. And there are same sex couples in nature as well, since it's about making life easier in groups than it is by yourself. So, by THAT fact and the logic that goes with it, gay marriage is AS natural as hetero marriage.You fuckers never have a reasonable leg to stand on.. it's always your invisible sky fairy and some bullshit some cave dweller spewed 1800 years ago. Step into the age of enlightenment, you might like it."""
"""All the more reason to slap the dog shit out of them RT""TenkYouPlease: Alcohols got you feeling like you cant get slapped"""""
"""He isnt a 100% satirist. He's actually very cordial in person...and does in fact use his iPhone day to day."""
"""Chavez is a total joke at the plate, an automatic out. He's only decent as a late-inning defensive replacement. You'd know that if you weren't so f#cking stupid. We have Pearce, Betemit, Flaherty, and Andino (once BRob comes back) to take over in the outfield until Reimold and Markakis get back. None of them will make anyone's All-Star team, but they all look like Babe Ruth at the plate compared to Chavez. Grow a brain, for chrissakes. Your ignorance is appalling."""
"""Not if you are on a mobile device."""
"""Photo shop, botox ,lipo and maybe even surgery it wouldn't suprise me???She looks good though!"""
"""YOU GUYS REMEMBER JOHN ROCKER.... WHAT A STUD"""
"""that nigga joe as shit fuckk out of here u dirty ass young bull"""
"""crap.  pic didn't post.  it's mittsy standing on what looks like a kitchen chair giving a speech.  what a fucking dork this clown is."""
"""Yes so u are wrong"""
"""What a selfish slutbag. That fucking fat ass chubby cheeked bitch probably got mad because her precious baby boy was hungry. How DARE he eat food! Not only do children require food to grow and become helathy adults, but this bitch probably fed them HoHo's and Twinkies. I can just hear her now ""Get off my food you little shit! That's MY MotherFucking Twinkie! Momma's got the munchies!"" Then, WHACK with a fucking hammer. What a cunt."""
"""Were hundreds of people killed by gun runners in 2007??"""
"""Lucky Crouchy eh folks !! All you knockers are just jealous you ain't sharing a bed with her !!"""
"""you are a complete fool. slowly read what you have just written. it makes no sense."""
"""Larry Sinclair, come out, come out, wherever you are?"""
"""I'm absolutely certain they'll make an outfit suitable for her age to spruce up their image. Otherwise what the hell is the point of the new member? Anyway, she's a young adult now get used to it."""
"""Fear the cow because he laughs at you"""
"""Walker wins recall in a land slide. Then come the indictments......yummy. If Bam's DOJ doesn't fuck it up as bad as the Stevens prosecution this is gonna be good."""
"""What has the picture to do with the possible drowning? Oh editor . . . ."""
"""Yes - Paris Hilton is smarter than everybody else in the USA.She got very expensive jeans from her parents, and apparently that makes you very smart."""
"""Wikipedia is an example of the ""dumbing down"" of our culture, aided and abetted by the internet.Almost any nonsense can be posted on the internet, including Wikipedia."""
"""Holy shit.  Son is droppin science."""
"""LIBERALISM is a mental disease."""
"""Do you know what my plan is if a poodle bites my kid? To step on its fucking neck until it dies. I have no plan if a pit ever bites her. How do I get something with the size and strength of a jungle cat off her?There are no parallels between minority ethnic groups and dogs. Please drop it."""
"""id kill you if you were here. not because im a ""gangsta"", but because i hate you. f*ck you."""
"""F v < k you too."""
"""@Andrea Hypno I love the lion hugging video!!!"""
"""Rosemont has some very fine middle class families living there maintaining their homes nicely."""
"""I talk about you all the time.For instance; Denial is a warm yellow river running down your leg.Did you forget you have to pee sitting down... Again?(for the retards in the audience, I am implying that Hanniturd is a woman (yes hanniturd, the retard in the audience is you))"""
"""@tjirish34 Gawd< I luv me all of them.....I live so far from you...almost a continent away.....Dayton, Ohio"""
"""Fucking hot!!"""
"""thankyou EPSYOUR AN IDIOT RICDOSE"""
"""when LeBron wins one, your become a lebron fan"""
"""Are you living in the 1940's when the USA had the bomb and no one else?Â  Or are you living in the 1960's and the Bay of Pigs? Â Where were you in the 2000's?Â  Remember Iraq and Weapons of Mass Destruction?Â  Ten years later and the result?Â  Inflated size of government (Homeland Security) lost freedoms (Patriot Act) ballooned deficit (cost of war) borrowed from China, and that does not account for the blood shed and loss of our children.Â  Time to turn Iran into a giant glass bowl?Â  I'm not willing to expand the size of government, lose more freedoms, increase the deficit, borrow from China, or shed anymore blood for someone living in a time warp or Israel who is itching for a fight.Â  If Israel wants to blow up Iran that is their business but this is not the USA's fight.Â  """
"""Tom, you are an idiot on. You suffer from whitmenitis, aka, you find it easier to blame others for your mediocre life achievements. Truth of the matter is, you simply do not have much to offer."""
"""Thats fine.  I fuckin hate his contract and the cost it would take to acquire him."""
"""go back to your crapping unperfection home"""
"""Are you drunk?"""
"""What if teapiss and Beckel mated, fat bastard from Austin Powers."""
"""I think they done lost their patience for this BS. I don't think they are going to wait any longer either. They will blow it up with or without the US's A-OK. Israel is right they can't wait for Iran to get more of a stockpile. They need to get rid of that or it makes it much harder for everyone else later to blow it up. Russia and China definitely aren't going to take to kindly to massive contamination heading their way if they don't do it now. The US should just be ready with cement to entomb the dam things."""
"""And you are a weak bully!"""
"""You are soo right.Muslims fight Muslims everywhere.Muslim men degrade Muslim women,everywhere. Until all this can be repaired and Muslims become öne people"", you will not go forth.You have about as much chance of this,as I have to see Rocking Horse Dung."""
"""So what, FOX news isn't real news, it's political opinion.Â  If they want to be consideredÂ real news, and not just a bunch of blow hards,Â they can't go around targeting everything toward or against theÂ democrats.Â  """
"""aww poor lil Waynisha and his menstrual antics...first he can't get into playoff games..now all this confused fuckery...smh boo *hands him a cell phone* Jesus is on the main line please tell him what you want"""
"""who cares what Chelsea does?"""
"""Man or woman or a little of both?"""
"""How are you doing bro? Thanks for commenting and for all your help to us. God bless you loads."""
"""This is about 10 years overdue!  The only real answer to all this killing is to get the troops out and let the <i>People</i> of Afghanistan, and not their American appointed puppets, choose their local governments as they have been doing for thousands of years."""
"""Regs are weakest ever.  Make believe."""
"""GODDAMMIT GUYS YOUR TV'S ARE MUCH FURTHER INTO THE GAME THAN MY FEEDS DAMMIT"""
"""No, Karen, but my home is close by.  You will have a lovely time no matter where you are, and you'll have to come back and explore some more!"""
"""How about bring the troops home to their families and stop this farce."""
"""@Bubs gotta keep on them about that stuff"""
"""Lingering fog has been fucked for over a week bud"""
"""Spelling mistakes? like i said, Ignorant Asshole.  So go put your butt plug in and shut your mouth..... HAHAHA estkill16, i see your getting roasted on here already,  i see your bios, a lil homo from Detroit whose moms a whore haha i wonder whose got the bigger mouth...."""
"""LMAO....Shaq should sue your a.s.s for making stuff up that he did not say...."""
"""We need Thames to take his spot and run with it, he does done very little to justify Snider being in the minors."""
"""Thank you for your thoughtful and informative post Lisa. You covered the pros and cons of public opinion and didn't shy away from stating your own. Kudos. I feel it's your duty to say where you stand in full transparency and to balance the press that SGK is getting for the opposite reason. If both opinions are not provided then only ONE opinion will be weighed. Readers deserve both. The difference is that you stood for yourself, not for Elisa or Jory. SGK leaders weren't so transparent, they instead used the entire organization to front their personal mission. Our online ""voice votes"" carry far more weight than the political elections. Once women understand that, they'll understand their responsibility to say what they think often, loudly, and with civility. I am very dismayed by SGK's stand because it is playing to politics and not helping women. I will not be supporting SGK any longer. There are many places that are more focused in their mission to help all women, Planned Parenthood is one of them. When I was a starving college student, PP was my primary health screener. Later I did volunteer work at PP to pay back for my healthcare; one of the things we were trained on was how to check yourself for lumps and why it was important. They have been consistent in their mission to help all women stay alive and healthy often during the most dire of times."""
"""As did underlying, I think.Honestly, the price action doesn't make allot of sense to me, but I 'll certainly take it"""
"""Good. Hopefully Capcom goes out of business completely."""
"""Which is why I will not vote for the fucker again. He has been way too effective at the evil."""
"""That may be but you are asad, little pathetic WHITE  man man ewww...100 times worse you child molesting mass murdering welfare bum! you must be deported!"""
"""The birther movement will never end because those who cater to it will never accept that Barack Hussein Obama is our legitimate president.It goes deeper than merely ideological differences..."""
"""What a fool you are, we all know that you think of nothing more than being GAY."""
"""All of Congress is a joke, bash em all, they all suck...thankfully we can change things around with anew POTUS.  Bring on November"""
"""Why don't you take your pathetic intimidation attempt and shove it up your @ss, troll?"""
"""Nigga is u stalkin me u replyed to me yesterday and now again today"""
"""''''' they were selling their enemies ''''   Right now in Africa they are killingtheir enemies, like  Uganda, to mention one country, and they are Africans..Slavery is cruel, no matter you are yellow or green,,,,,"""
"""not a slave tho you idiot internet racists"""
"""Just imagine what their fanny's are like!!"""
"""I hope we don't get a season three. Ratings were down again."""
"""All pitchers have bad days at the office, and if the possible signing of Oswalt to replace Lilly is an indication of things, I personally feel it is that Lilly may be headed to the DL rather than traded, unless Billingsley is headed to the DL."""
"""ILL FUCK YOU LIKE AN APE GAY BOY"""
"""Been a while. Its because people would rather have the C's then the bandwagoned Heat."""
"""Obviously you have never been there"""
"""@Rushed a mi no me hagas la pelota,"""
"""With every one of your comments that I read, I realize more and more just how batshit crazy you are."""
"""Yum Yum Eat um up.... eaaaaaat em up!!"""
"""I do not think for a moment they would be a contender in the west. &nbsp;Central, sure."""
"""Yes, you are"""
"""lil b drops mad shitty music because he wants you to sort thru it and find the good shit, lil b has some amazing songs, everything else he drops is just to piss of lil sensitive pussies like you"""
"""F you, DEA. You and your useless war on drugs. Stick to prescription med fraud. At least lay off the weed, that shit is safer than alcohol."""
"""I guarantee everything I say is the truth"""
"""Pussy bitch take my fuking house off of your picture. I know it looks better than that nasty black ass you had up there but still"""
"""Man why can't this be longer? They are fucking hilarious together. Loved this. Best ""interview"" so far for sure."""
"""I suppose the fact that Halliburton was the only company qualified doesn't mean anything to you."""
"""Fuck it - I'm out. I'll be on ESPN if anyone needs me."""
"""Wish I had thought of that when mine were young. May try it know with my daughter and hold her clothes, jewelry and makeup hostage!"""
"""Fuck you Google."""
"""Only a moron would see things the way you do. You get alot more ""bang for you buck"" out of the military than food stamps."""
"""Without changing medicare, it disappears into the well of insolvency...you do understand that don't you simple one?"""
"""You're not the boss of CNN."""
"""@justin mia Perkins is a knucklehead"""
"""@WetShoes incorrect. Matt Cooke would be suspended."""
"""Look here, cunt. I hope you get raped by the devil. I hope you get cancer, and experience the most absurdly horrible pain a human being can feel. I hope Rick James slaps you right in the fuckdamn mouth. Then, after all of that. I'll walk right up to you, and shoot in the fucking throat.Â """
"""Radical Mormons never killed anyone, Obama's True religion, Muslim, has killed many... So you 666 people, he is here, he's in the White house.... Read your bible and learn..."""
"""Always better than a limp dick burrito."""
"""If that happens, they HelicpoterCoPilot will buy you a 6 pack, when you turn 21:)Just fucking with you TBONE, you know I love you. I'll Fed EX you a bottle of they Ketel 1 overnight"""
"""sí lo predica el hermano rock you!"""
"""The GOP has already lost this election because of all the focus on anti-gay and anti-abortion rhetoric.These are ugly divisive issues that cannot EVER be won.If you can't beat a very unpopular president during bad economic times, who can you beat?Time to stop pandering to the shrinking social conservative Base and return the focus to taxes, national security, and job-creation proposals."""
"""You must be one of the dumb ones.Here, let me explain it to you... when you have an inflated catheter inside you, pulling it out WILL cause permanent injury. There is nothing for this man to ""get over"".He's been damaged and needs to be made whole again. Pay the man.And YOU, you need to go out to your local dollar store and buy yourself a new brain, the one you have currently doesn't seem to be working."""
"""fuck i keep talking to myself! i guess i need to get smart to before i can suck some DELICIOUS WHITE COCK"""
"""holy sh yt, you are one du mb ph uck"""
"""This week the Obama-funded solar company went belly up. Energy Conversion Devices managed to blow $13.3 million in tax credits before filing for bankruptcy. Reuters reported: Lightweight solar product maker Energy Conversion Devices Inc filed for bankruptcy protection on Tuesday, the latest in a string of solar companies that have collapsed in an industry shakeout. The company, whose filing follows years of losses and months of public discussions with bondholders, said it would sell its United Solar Ovonic unit and other assets in bankruptcy. Energy Conversion, whose solar laminate products are used for panels on rooftops and buildings, said it would continue to operate during the sale process. Of courseâ?¦ Democrats praised the company as one of his solar success stories before they tanked.  Read more at Gateway pundit.."""
"""LETS START BACK UP WITH THE LIBTURDZ AND TEAA TARD NAME CALLING"""
"""You are a lying son of a bitch.  Let's see you post some facts supporting your assertion."""
"""Irresponsible Headline and Journalism. Sensationalism at it's best. I guess you guys will do anything to sell newspapers - even using misleading headlines. Please explain how is this a gift? It is an investment by our country."""
"""Your absolutely right, there is no way of explaining it to a moron like you - go back to smokiung your crack, 8ss-hole!"""
"""Hey right wing moron ""You Kidding Me"", you're the cutest little GOP whine baby on this forum."""
"""Amazing....Mountain out of a mole hill."""
"""When the anc gets its house in order, 12th of neva!!!!! ha ha ha"""
"""that sucks...plug in F550.....wake the fuck up   douch bags...i can see my new ramp truck having batterys in it....why dont you just put in a real large spring in it and wind it up just before you to on a tow...do you think we will run out of crude oil...i dont think so...the oil companys will just be making more money and the goverment is being controled by them...fuck heads!"""
"""No you are not ""born"" craving something deviant, by definition. It's a dumb argument. However, as I said, sick deviants have a right to do as they wish in their bedroom. But it is deviant, and abnormal, and they need to keep it out of everyone else's face. All I am saying. Enough with the disgusting gay pride parades, etc.Â """
"""YES! THANK FUCKING GOD! (Not that he's injured or that he suffered a concussion, but because he's out of the No Way Out main event)"""
"""pussy ass hole movie chatta ra pawan hit ivvaledani edo cinema gabbar singh chusi frustration lo inka medata hit istado ledo ani gs bagundi antunnaru movie worst panja 100% better annavaram 1000% better than gabbar singh"""
"""Listen here you moron. Home schooling is better especially through a computer. I go to ecot though it may be my first and last year cause I'm a senior doesn't make me a social reject!!!! In fact my friends that I've made aren't social rejects either!!!! I'm getting better grades then I ever have in public school so stick that in your juice box and suck it Mr. I-Think-I-Know-It-All!!!!!"""
"""Idiot is yr father!"""
"""Not really. This man doesn't seem to do his homework, or doesn't check his articles, or simply doesn't know very much about history."""
"""Flynn started two games in the NFL.  His other game was a very good game in a loss to NE. """
"""The things I would do to her...."""
"""AND YOU POSTAL, WERE HATCHED"""
"""..........RON PAUL....is / was.....ALWAYS...for YEARS....BATSHIT CRAZY!!"""
"""i was in littlehamton was mad but made a change to boring day at work."""
"""as i say before, you are as gay as a 2 dollar bill."""
"""Buddy you sound like a complete clown on here running your mouth"""
"""b.ball player28 - <b>Heat fans since 10'Celtics fans since 07'OKC fans since 11'Spurs fans since 1959Bobcats fan since N/A</b>How Old are you son?"""
"""Would you also pay him for every penny JPM has earned under his watch??  Typical lib, just want to focus on a very small piece of the total picture."""
"""Bush has been long gone. Don't you lib itur ds have anything be tter to cam pair Ba ry to??? If not then shut your Ob ummer hol e."""
"""Hate that fucking asshole moron"""
"""Ey bitch nigga ebos! if ur deymonds lil brother u betta shut yo mouth mothafucka!"""
"""You may be many things but I doubt smart being is one of them. The details I referred to were  your ""Sun Profile"", not the story. No wonder the UK has gone wild. Perhaps you would be happier in a third world country!"""
"""I didn't realize Pop has a weak eye..."""
"""No shut up. Black people don't need to be 'approved of' or 'pretty enough' for the Korean people. Fuck that shit. I am SO sick of black fans thinking that way. Truth is most Korean people don't find dark skin beautiful. Period. They also stereotype us as criminals and slutty. It's not US that need to change to fit their ideals, THEY have to change their backwards ass ignorant racist way of thinking. So you can take your 'Michelle is not idol material' and shove it please."""
"""Your syntax is pathetic.Â  And you are a cocksucking batshit motherfucker to boot."""
"""@Lestatdelc@The Godwhacker You're commenting using pure stereotypes and ignorance.  First of all Obama has surged thousand of troops into Afghanistan, killed US citizens without a trial and passed a law that would allow indefinite detention of US citizens.  Sounds like perpetual war to me. Second of all, Ron Paul is for bringing all our troops home and closing all our foreign bases.  So, when you say he voted for perpetual war, your not looking at his legislative record.  Ron Paul is known as the most anti-war politician of either party.  So, next time you decide to write a comment, do some reading before you put your foot in your mouth because you've made yourself into a completely ignorant as.....   Uninformed people like yourself is the reason this country is such a mess.  You don't have the slightest idea of what you're saying.  I ask, when will this wave of perpetual idiocy of voters who have the memory of a two year old and vote based on the latest campaign speeches and smears without checking a candidates legislative record?"""
"""Kind of hard to be a suicide bomber when you are inside an Ironlung."""
"""@aciddragon  @Rourke needs to give me a fucking like Ground corn, my bad"""
"""De Gea is fine. Tell me one keeper that hasn't had bad moments. I've been watching football for 35 years and can't remember one. I trust him more than any other keeper in PL at the moment."""
"""Have your eyes examined cause you are blind."""
"""Yep, you're a darky."""
"""Lol I was like la dee dah, up until page 10 then I was like OMFG hot man on man surprise mindfuck!"""
"""lol they did forget to put the feet on in the scene in the kitchen"""
"""McCain is a disgrace to our country.  A war hero who is now acting like a sore loser since he lost election in 2008.This war monger will not rest until they go away from senate."""
"""this is a fake ass bitch from west of boston.. he is a paid rat for worcester pd.. fuck u big o u suck,, u never slang in worcester. u spend time at the gay movie theater getting cum in your beard.. fuck u fat bitch"""
"""""Obamaâ??s budget calls for pay raises; federal workforce size would remain flat""http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/obamas-budget-calls-for-pay-raises-federal-workforce-size-would-remain-flat/2012/02/13/gIQAyEiDDR story.htmlFor the Obama puppet followers out there.Â  His intention is for the incremental collapse of our economy and sovereignty by spending us into oblivion, then folding us into a global governance and monetary system.Â  The idea behind giving federal ""workers"" a raise, is purely a vote-whore tactic.Â """
"""you truly are a mental midget."""
"""I want to know why you don't have a job - is it because you were busted at work with your kiddieporn?"""
"""I raze your pathetic Apple orchard to build my majestic Beach House."""
"""<I>[Juries are made up of people in the community who do not like to see students beat up for exercising their First Amendment rights of Free Speech and Assembly.]</I>Except that's now what happened, you little shit-stirring fruit-loop. You also fail to mention that juries are usually made up of people who are generally civic minded and respectful of the legal process, so they aren't usually sympathetic of little assholes who merely wish to engage in physical confrontations. Now why don't you stop making a pest of yourself and get a real job?"""
"""Spamming the liberal troll way."""
"""Are you really this STUPID?"""
"""Tell you what though,the lasses in Newcastle will still be out on Saturday night, in their mini skirts and skimpy tops!"""
"""No Kosh seeing the childish behaviour has already made the duck and little look very foolish already.  It shows how pathetic they are.   Why did they not just face up like men?"""
"""This guy is such a loser. Nevada, you really suck! This guy is evil personified..."""
"""It's no big deal, unless you are a person who appreciates human decency."""
"""All it takes for the others to become legal, is supporters such as yourself and your governors signature.Â  As proven with this gay marriage law."""
"""Dear Aamir and Team,I am extremely moved with each episode of Satyamev Jayate. Hats off to you for awakening people like me who can be part of sharing the social  responsibility. I will also ask my friends to be part of your movement by seeing your programme and give back to the society in whatever possible means. I also request you to air this programme as many times as possible and also in other regional languages to reach all Indians of this country. Ending of the episode is also damn good through beautiful music. KEEP ROCKING. PEOPLE LIKE YOU ARE STILL THERE IN THE COUNTRY TO MAKE DIFFERENCE AND HOPE FOR SHINING INDIA. JAI HIND."""
"""wow you talk about fatigue Lakers need some rest"""
"""""The al Qaeda affiliate in Somalia has mocked the new $33 million bounty on its top leaders heads by offering its own bounty for President Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton u2013 10 camels for Obama and 20 chickens for Clinton. ""Anyone who helps the Mujahideen find the whereabouts of Obama and Hillary Clinton will be rewarded with 10 Camels to the information leading to Obama and 10 hens and 10 cocks for Hillary,"" said senior Shabaab commander Fuad Mohamed Khalaf in a statement reported on numerous websites"".Could I have my camels steamed Arby-style, please?"""
"""I think you are hooked now @Amy Weaver Sadler"""
"""You do know you are an asshole and started all the shit with him. You Jews have been doing the same for years. Banning together to the detriment of decent people. Another reason most in the world would cheer for the Nazis today.&nbsp;"""
"""narrow minded little fool you are"""
"""@jakesnake99 Pelton v. Hollinger! I'm interested in Pelton's take on whether or not the Storm should tank."""
"""How about the lefts war on American Constitution?  You were including Mitt as a lefty aren't you."""
"""You are better suited to use a dumb phones. No point of you using a smart phone."""
"""wxcraigSheep Me hasn't been posting all day and nobody was talking about RDB. You just appeared out of no where Giggity and started attacking him for nothing.4 fans like this.30 Seconds Ago · $@%!ing Loving This....· Reply · Quote · Flag"""
"""Sure, it was. I asked Mr. Hawkins why we you allowed to continually call others pedophiles and he banned your ass. I can provide the email copy if you like. Don't be a pussy and deny it. """
"""Your rant is typical of a believer - filled with anger towards those who espouse common sense and who realize that science can answer our questions and solve our problems- not superstition. You attempt to assign 'good' to your biblical god but this same god commanded his followers to murder innocents and condoned rape and human sacrifice. Perhaps you should read your bible with an open mind."""
"""Please Ian, come through with a hit."""
"""How does banning gay marriage lower HIV transmission?"""
"""Moss you are a real chop......wake up and smell the roses bud..."""
"""@PPW I would add Marvin Bullett to that list... He's a better choice IMO"""
"""another lefty trying to look like a right-wing racist.  The dems are the racists ... period!"""
"""@YinzerinCT Mushrooms are fun."""
"""and you point is?"""
"""Which one is missing? i thought their were 4 in JLS"""
"""Really PAC does make it boring or put you to sleep.Manny is not going to say anything bad about whoever he fights,If you notice he leave it for roach to put the fighter down.In other words manny does his talking in the ring."""
"""Before making a stupida$$ comment....you dumbfuck......try looking up her picture first!  She is white and very over-weight."""
"""I just can't imagine what took the Justice Department so long.  The laws on this are clear.  Florida doesn't have a chance in court."""
"""Is anyone else here TOTALLY outraged by the ""nanny state"" telling us everything we can and can't do, besides myself?Â  We, the taxpaying citizenry, actually had to pay these socialist/progressive/communistic/marxist ass-wipe-idiots to conduct this ridiculous study!!!Â  How about they spend the money more correctly by investigating all of the corrupt and fraudulent voting practices of the demo-libu-tards???"""
"""Hey....obamaheads......what ya gonna do when gasoline blows past $ 5.00/gallon?Â  What ya gonna do when it cost $ 100.00 to tank up your Toyota Prius?Â  Think I'm exagerating?Â Â  What ya think is gonna happen whenÂ Iran decides to go crazy andÂ sink a tanker in the Straits of Hormuz, or suddenly launch an ICBM at Tel Aviv or even New York.?Â Â  No way you say?Â  Who would haver even imagined an Arab Srping sweeping across the middle east on such a vast scale.Â  You think that empty suit in the oval office is gonna come to your help.Â  Hell he wants to give the Arar Spring crowd $ 800 bil.Â Â  Why don't you suck it up and admit that you guys elected a doofus?Â  A doofus who will lead this country right over the cliff.Â  """
"""Every team has the ability to beat anybody. That's why they are professionals. Come playoff time that changes."""
"""burn your bra's"""
"""@cnow,Or a last minute unannounced hike in the Appalachians - yeaaaah riiiight,Or ditching the wife who was disfigured in an auto accident for very wealthy mistress,Or ditching first wife sick with cancer for mistress then ditching 2nd wife (1st mistress) for new mistress,Etc."""
"""Middle class wages reached their peak in the mid-70's while Nixon was President. Reagan was the first President whose term marked the decline of the middle class."""
"""U just schooled me bro. But our strength on defense has always ben our LB core and now we lacc production from our LB  """
"""dan amdYou have realy no clue on every single idiotic comment of all your posts.WE ALL DON'T enjoy your stupid PRO AMD B:U:L:L:S:H:I:T ignorance.Please crawl back then in the fat ass of your gay loving buddy charliedemerjian semiinaccurate and try to find the light inside - U stupid FAG!WE REALY DON'T NEED AND WANT YOUR POST HERE ANYMORE!"""
"""The same can be said about your posts, red. Dull, unimaginative, unsupported, jaded, biased, racist, homophobic.  You are essentially a miserable human being.  Not as miserable as Crapkiller or sitm, but pitiful nonetheless."""
"""Don't worry mate - Cowell's 15 minutes are almost up."""
"""Barry ---You are absolutely RIGHT ON!!"""
"""My recipe uses shallots, but if you prefer onions, that will work too."""
"""umm theres somthing called the internet go to Google and type in Porn there ya go and guess what the best part is its free...."""
"""Maybe you should look at a Youtube video by Zach Wahls called ""The Testimony"".  He and his sister were raised by gay parents.  You might find it enlightening to hear it from that point of view."""
"""Avengers is still counting by the hundreds (of millions).  In 4 weeks, its past 500, just domestically.  I think that there are simply not many records left to break.  It already destroyed most of them, so now it seems slower going.  Again the drop-off rate itself is actually dropping off, from 56% to 44% to 33%.  It still has several big numbers left to tick (as some of the guys from work, and I, go back)."""
"""I like the pictures.You know she just wants to ask, ""Are you fucking retarded?"""""
"""When you blacks take a shit does it come out purple? When you piss does it come out green?"""
"""As is your mother. . . . .who is the.beastiality whore. Lighten up. . . . ""It's comedy!!""  Bwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahh!!"""
"""He's not even signed yet and already he's admiring the Arsenal. I bet he's gutted Arsene didn't want him. Never mind mate, you got second best, be grateful for that."""
"""like your mom"""
"""@JenBroflovski okay the delorean is broken anyway"""
"""is it just me or is everybody sick to the teeth about this tevez carry on ??"""
"""Â Oh no it's much cooler to be able to blow up the planet 1000 times over then simply 10 times over."""
"""fuck fuck fuck D: this is trolls day -.- all the trolls united -.-"""
"""You should have someone proof read your posts."""
"""I dont think you will.  If the Kings win the refs will get blamed for it."""
"""keep it movin bitch ass nigga"""
"""Two friends of mine are both public school teachers and both have DUI's."""
"""I'm used to idiots like you jumping in <b>AFTER</b> your team actually does something.   I've been here and will continue to be here after you're long gone because the niners will suck again soon."""
"""W T F are you ranting about adolf?"""
"""If he's calling some bitch ""his girl,"" he doesn't deserve you. Save yourself for someone who sees past the superficial. You deserve a man who will treat you as his one and only, not just another girl. And be worth it! Be the girlfriend a true man deserves. :) You'll win in the end."""
"""No KKKonservative SunMedia and fans here are the true racist, they are here all day everyday spitting hateful venom, I just do the same in reverse. If you have a problem with me, then say something to them! Unless you are a KKKonservative racist too? hmm."""
"""So the pools aren't open Sundays? The hell are my taxes paying for?"""
"""No more juice, and more more Fielder"""
"""It's rumored you're a fkucing moron"""
"""You don't control who replies to any comment posted here."""
"""Aw, Vicky<2, you too easy to detect... You'll never be able to mind your tongue well enough to fool anyone with another ID for very long. One problem is your immense ego. You need to feel like you matter. You need to feel like your name is recognized to feel important. You are too full of yourself to remain obscure for very long. You are such an idiot!!!"""
"""The right wing, cone headed  tea baggers cannot adjust to the fact that President Obama and the Democratic party has the ups on foreign policy and keeping us safe. What a bunch of hypocrites."""
"""Mm, hmm thweety.  Whatever princess progressive."""
"""NO MORE government jobs, no more subsidies, no more health benefits, no medicare, social security, etc."""
"""Another idi0t who did not RTFA."""
"""You're a moron. I cannot believe people are complaining about freedom of choice."""
"""morcar ...you are hilarious The whole world was at war with the nazis and it took 6 years to defeat them but u expect a small village full of farmers and the likes to have stopped them??? On what planet were you born???"""
"""What the fuck?"""
"""i don't know your unsolicited advice - let me vent out my frustration before IÂ cum into your mouth - you sound like freaakin faggot."""
"""Don't be fooled....the girl is AmericanVan Jones is an avowed communist and the other white guy following him up is an idiot....an unemployed idiot I think."""
"""Good idea,  use your money and go out and create a job!"""
"""And your point is?"""
"""CBF is like Otis from The Andy Griffith show"""
"""nigga fuck u t-bone nd who eva else come to chicago and yo ass gne be on a shirt..swerve 075 hitsquad"""
"""He goes on all the sites and spews hatred and tosses out challenges."""
"""so you fuck your 3 dogs, your a sick fuuk.by bitches i was talking about women.but the point you just tried to make makes me want to fuk you up even more."""
"""F*&K YOU MTV."""
"""You are disgusting.  Absolutely disgusting.  There is a young woman clinging to life and you feel the need to pass judgement.  Judge not lest you be judged."""
"""Why does your profile say ""Corrupt Media""?  And yet you post under Fredddd."""
"""Drago, you didn't buy Usher's album? You are obviously racist then. You won't buy a black artist's album because you don't like black people."""
"""please stop the money going to Pakistan...also please stop travel for British citizens to this destination unless vetted and okayed by the authorities, they are free to come and go as they please back and forth....also I say ban the sending of money wire transfers back to that counrty from the U.K....you only have to walk down the high streets of East London and you will see the amount of places where you can send money to there with no I.D needed!"""
"""you are a friggin moron. Oh you didn't get the memo? SorryYOU ARE A FRIGGIN MORON!!!!"""
"""Xanax was her death blow. Â That stuff is totally dangerous because you build a tolerance to it so quickly and if you stop abruptly, you could d ie. Â It is so insidious because you keep taking it more and more and it affects your memory to the point that you forget how much you took. Â You take more because it loses it's ""high"" effects yet its memory destroying effects get worse and you get to a point that you don't even know what you are doing anymore. Â Mix some serious partying in and you have a recipe for disaster. Â She probably was so drunk and drugged that she didn't know how much Xanax she took, (you can easily forget that you took a dose if you have been high on them for days) went up to her room, took another big dose which was the kil ler dose and the rest is history.Â """
"""You're really not helping your cause."""
"""because you are a hater"""
"""none really knows what obama is"""
"""Whoever had the aldasity to compare that quitter to jordan has to be born from 2003 on up never seen a champion at work"""
"""Foolish rube. We blew $4 trillion already on that stupidity."""
"""Really? Than why are there over 30 states that are against gay marriage???  Get your shit straight libturd!"""
"""I admit I like that freaky shit she talks about. I FUCKING LOVE IT but it's hard to get pass that face though."""
"""You dirty fucker"""
"""Betty White said the if you have balls your weak.  A vagina makes you strong because it keeps taking a beating.  She is right you know.  We should listen to our elders"""
"""G-d, you rally are an idiot!  The article talks of deportation.  And, you're talking about lynching?  What next Anna?  Is your little mind going to start imagining concentration camps in the Negev?  With mass gas chambers & cremetoriums?  How many sub-Saharan refugees has your country welcomed?"""
"""Not the hurricane though you can keep that lol"""
"""It would fuck itself SO HARD."""
"""Dude.. you are arguing with a birther..."""
"""Actually the US needs to walk its own talk!  We preach to others about human rights but it's the US killing people (and its own citizens) with drones on presidential say-so!  Have you been living under a rock for thepast decade?  Our Consitution (Bill of Rights) is being shredded!  The US is trying to suck Uzbekistani balls for the energy game and to establish US forces in the region to ""contain""Chinese influence in their OWN BACKYARD!  (The Usbek gov't makes China look like a bunch of liberals!)"""
"""Okay, you blew it............now he knows we know................!!!  Bummer won't like you............and we all pray to bummmer.......well, if you stand on the left you do........ummmmm......watch the trolls go nuts now..........LMAO"""
"""I was messing with that girl and you guys all stepped up like its your business lol get a life people...it's a forum...not real life"""
"""""As a woman"". What's it like, to be ""as a woman""? Or, a French or Greek woman or whatever you are. What nonsense. Meanwhile the Muslims rape your continent."""
"""I LOVE YOU. Not even kidding. You just made my life whole again. You are a rock star."""
"""Amanda! Wish you lived closer!! I'm sure your moms are way better ; )"""
"""everything in your post that I am replying to has nothing to do with what is taking place.We have a president who is wiping away all state rights in an effort to control everything via the whitehouse.USA does mean the United States of America after all.The guy is desperately attempting to even have Americans suck it up and betray their core religious belief's because it won't jib with his ""centralized government"" ideology.I suggest you get over it sir, what he is doing is not American in any way shape or form.And I don't remember complaining about taxing, I have been complaining about the spending.Your trying to put the cart before the horse, not going to fly sir."""
"""Republicans are disrespectful and really don't care about the American people....this has nothing to do with F&F.  They really just want to make the President look bad.  Their are real issues out that to focus on!!!"""
"""hey media matters spin this...... the democrats under dear leader harr reid havent passed a budget in 1022 days exactly . the clueless white house budget director tried (rather pathetically i might add...)Â to blame it on the REPUBLICANS? heÂ says its because they need a 60 vote super majorityÂ which they dont...they just need a simple majority....WHICH THEÂ ""DO NOTHING DEMOCRAT CONGRESS"" HAS HAD FOR THE LAST 1022 days. so what is the excuse? Because they dont want to have to force their vulnerable members seeking re-election to have to vote on a budget that should offend hard working taxpayers. and if they dont have a budget printed out then its easier to blow that budget out of the water without taking the heat they deserve. its time the people that owned the white house , the senate and the house for the first 2 WHOLE YEARS of this idiots administration to own up to the mess they ""created or saved""Â Â """
"""Okay Booby, I don't let my kids watch FOX cartoons or shows after 7 PM, because they sell and push sexual promiscuity no family values.I'm merely pointing out all the ass-clowns who are being duped by this International Media Giant that has an agenda. There is nothing Fair and Balanced about FOX, and they are definitely not promoting Family Values. But they are very good at packaging it so morons believe they are..So by all means continue to be programmed and watch your FOX news. """
"""Yeah its difficult if your chick thought you didn't give a fuck, and then all of a sudden you act like you can't live without her.On the bright side though, now she knows you do give a fuck. Which is a good thing. Now though, the only play is to back off, and let her miss you."""
"""This place will become another millenium dome.. spurs are not a big enough club for this sort of stadium... Its got 'failure as a football stadium and thus becomes a concert arena to pay the bills' written all over it..  and the funny thing is.. who the hell will travel to Tottenham for a concert??. There will be a big white elephant in tottenham to replace the rusty chicken.. hahahahahaha  """
"""<strong>Me and mine are just back-up singers here, part of the Joe.My.God. choir.....and I say: YES TO EVERYTHING MR. BEEBLMEYER stated above. and to the critic of joe jervis: I say: HORSEPISS!&nbsp;&nbsp; News is da&nbsp;news; and ya print the truth, that is the whole fucking point.&nbsp; Well done Joe.&nbsp;</strong>"""
"""When a decision goes against them why do all foreign players look like you've just raped their wife, stolen their dog and shit in their bed?"""
"""And your'e a baseball fan ?"""
"""Don't forget we supplied arms and training to the Afgans torturing their soldiers.Now it has come back around."""
"""Ocapoas...you are twisting words"""
"""fuCk . i love this brand gibson"""
"""CityChelseaUnitedArsenalLiverpoolTottenhamNewcastleEvertonFulham"""
"""""You got all this payroll standing around..."" god, what a fucking great quote."""
"""But, Dante, with all due respect, you ARE a hard core partisan.You DO NOT accept facts which counter your stated positions.You falsely call government websites ""right wing blogs""You NEVER furnish a documented fact in support of your own positions while demanding them of others.You REFUSE to even DISCUSS any opposing positions in a civil manner, choosing instead to call your conversants, liars, stupid, etc.In short, your posts DEMONSTRATE you to be a hard core ideologue, devoid of ANY ability to think critically."""
"""You have to have a truly twisted and evil mind to think up something like this bill.  Could it be one of ALEC's concoctions?"""
"""@butch.fries The prayer breakfast has been going on for years and presidents over the decades have gone to these events."""
"""@Curly Girl Oh, you just made my heart skip a beat. It is sort of embarrassing to write about your mental health challenges on the Internet. I appreciate you saying that. And no, you're not a weakling. I don't think any of us handles stress as well as we seem to on Facebook. """
"""He's a Islamic recruit into terrorism."""
"""""parents""  He was visiting his dad's fiance,  geeez dude you really are completely stupid"""
"""Human intelligence at its simplified extreme."""
"""suck my dick bitches"""
"""Worthless scumbag.Â  You think he didn't threaten to hurt that baby in the middle of all that.Â  Should never see the light of day..but of course he'll be out of jail in 3 years to rape again"""
"""another 3up 3 down for zito would be nice"""
"""Exactly!See, you don't learn quality facts like that in school. They tell you you have to spend weeks in the hospital, well, fuck them."""
"""He seemed very sour that first hour or so. Like I was saying, I think he shines on the stuff that means more to him. I was still elated to see him live finally."""
"""aww, poor babyI think you're just jealous because you spent your spring break at the pond in te back of the trailer park with the other idiot rednecks"""
"""Choosing to not eat animals doesn't make you a pussy.  Go choke on a corndog, bitch."""
"""THAT'S A FUCKING PENNIS???¿?¿¿?¿?¿?¿?¿? BLOODY LOL!!!"""
"""Worked six Christmas days in a row for the overtime"""
"""they just need to borrow money from daddy to start a business!"""
"""he can fuck me anytime!! i'll do whatever he wants"""
"""Unions don't cheat, management does. As well as politicians. Wisconsin sees that now."""
"""Janab Haroon Sahib,Imran Khan ko lower middle class ka likh kar aap nay apnay ghubbaray say hawa nikal dee. Bhai itna favoratism acha nahin hay, you will lose respect of your readers"""
"""Wait, let me get my boots on. It's getting deep here. You do know you are just repeating right wing pablum that has been proven false, don't you?"""
"""Apa tindakan JAKIM????"""
"""Unlock your cap lock. Refrain from the vulgar language, as it makes you lookignorant. Yes-these gullible, naive people go to her. They don't know anybetter. We already know this. What's your point? Speak rationally-or notat all. Lay off the Energy drinks and the Michael Jackson music."""
"""You a fucking little coward of a bitch."""
"""how about trying this .......have your kids come home before 1am say about 10pm he is 16 take responsability for your kids"""
"""Nice body, chest.  But the penis?  Maybe crowded?  But when u go under...."""
"""A baby of any species that is killed for food is sad. But I think you miss the concept of what it means to be a provider species."""
"""oh poor you...you are judged for being black...then poor me, I have to listen to your whiny black azz"""
"""well, I sure ain't for the intruder!Â  but some more liberal fella might want to discuss terms - like you can have my money, don't hurt me.Â  or, get out of my house or I'll blow you away.Â  personally, I don't believe in negotiating with vermin."""
"""<strong>Whom the Gods Would Destroy</strong> It seems that<strong> Obama, in a classic act of hubris, has created the means of his own destruction.</strong>  Through his great historical contribution, his health care bill, he has struck what was surely<strong> intended to be a lethal blow against the oldest organization on earth -- an organization with something on the order of a billion members, with a cadre of hundreds of thousands of highly trained and dedicated personnel, and a history of overcoming political threats that make Obama look like a kindergartner.I'm referring, of course, to the Catholic Church</strong>.  Now, I don't mean that the Archangel Gabriel will appear out of the East to scourge the administration with a blazing sword, though I would pay to see that.  What I'm saying is that <strong>Obama has at last taken the step that we all knew he had in him, the ultimate act of arrogance and contempt that will bring the forces of history down upon him.</strong>The left has always underestimated the Catholic Church.  ""<strong>How many divisions has the pope?"" Stalin once asked Molotov, mocking the Church's powerlessness in the modern era.  He was not around to see John Paul II rend the Bolshevik kingdom in twain at the climax of the Cold War, utilizing the only forces he required: moral certainty and absolute faith in the divine mission.</strong>  Most American leftists are a little different, viewing the Church as an anachronism, obsessed with medieval ideas having no place in the third millennium and populated with strange figures in outmoded clothing, if not with an endless parade of child-molesters.  <strong>What they overlook is two thousand years of history</strong>.  An organization does not survive for that length of time -- and no other organization has -- without internalizing things not completely understood by even the deepest thinkers among us.  <strong>The Church survived the fall of Rome, the barbarians, the first Muslim upsurge, several schisms, the Renaissance princes, the 20th-century totalitarians, and its own plunges into decadence, and it will also survive modernism.</strong>  Which is in fact what it confronts in Obama: a man of vast though superficial sophistication and little insight who has punched all the tickets available to him in his epoch and culture and truly believes there is nothing else. <strong> And now this man, afraid of revealing his own college transcripts, thinks he can take on the Church of Peter, founded a millennium before the appearance of any nation now existing on this earth.</strong>Read more: http://www.americanthinker.com/2012/02/whom the gods would destroy.html#ixzz1mKnbY0d3"""
"""Are you fucking kidding me ?!"""
"""We know whom Obama loves.....himself, only and always."""
"""Kachina2  Are you kidding or just so stupid  The wants to run the country  he can't run a household budget  OH wait lets blame it on the banks  bastards want there money back  ah you have to love the NDP"""
"""YEAH,I BET YOU INBRED HILLBILLY."""
"""<span><span><span><span>Chiara, hai fatto tutto da sola. Io ho commentato quello che ho letto sottolineando una tendenza generale.</span></span></span></span>"""
"""just need to sign on then ,no worries benefits will ensure ther stay"""
"""Thought it would be lung cancer!"""
"""Updates may be slow, but atleast you have a REASON to update.. not just for a facebook integration. And iOS is small and doesnt have much that in it, except the apps. So its obvious updating is easy.And I can always but custom rom with android 4.0 on my phone, so android wins again! ;]"""
"""Only her palms and the bottom of her feet are White!"""
"""Woowww, you really are an idiot... You need to go to school... Like really bad..."""
"""Claudell Washington was a starter too."""
"""you're a sick fuck."""
"""whats your point? who ever scores the most wins"""
"""@shooter   @TPBderek See just like I said - someone has to fucking score."""
"""Holy shit. I didn't realize that."""
"""Where do those blessings come from?"""
"""Stupid jerks called child rape anal sex.  It's called anal rape you sick freaks!"""
"""pmendez cited, as proof of his point that Keynesian economics does not work, an article in Wikipedia, which is prefaced by ""This article needs attention from an expert on the subject. Please add a reason or a talk parameter to this template to explain the issue with the article.""In other words, what we're seeing here is conservatives parroting other conservatives' baloney.Please, show me just one fact used by conservatives."""
"""How are the Dodgers a One Man Show? Kemp didn't play 15 games and they still kept on winning"""
"""dan amdYou have realy no clue on every single idiotic comment of all your posts.WE ALL DON'T enjoy your stupid PRO AMD B:U:L:L:S:H:I:T ignorance.Please crawl back then in the fat ass of your gay loving buddy charliedemerjian semiinaccurate and try to find the light inside - U stupid FAG!WE REALY DON'T NEED AND WANT YOUR POST HERE ANYMORE!"""
"""Yeah, I got the same thing about 3-4 weeks ago.  Just couldn't post with it anymore.  No e-mail message or anything.  Even when I tried to post.  Just frozen."""
"""Your dad is a pecker jerk."""
"""He is depending on the very short term memory vote."""
"""Video: Breitbart vs. Cenk Uygar over rape at â??Occupyâ?? campsposted at 9:52 pm on February 14, 2012 by AllahpunditVia Breitbart TV. I should have guessed that eventually weâ??d be arguing over whether â??Occupyâ?? has a problem with crime, notwithstanding the long, long, long, long, long list of alleged criminal activities at the encampaments. Remember, things at Zuccotti Park got so bad that a women-only tent was set up so that thereâ??d be strength in numbers against sexual predators. Some feminist sites criticized â??Occupyâ?? for its rape problem back during the movementâ??s brief heyday; even HuffPo reported on â??multiple incidents of assault, drug dealing and drug use, rape and attempted rape, according to conversations with numerous protesters.â?? (Per Breitbart in the clip, that detail apparently didnâ??t make it into their book.) And of course, we only know about some of what went on. At least one â??Occupyâ?? camp reminded victims that â??we do not encourage the involvement of the police in our communityâ?? and a New York City cop told Big Journalismâ??s Joel Pollak that â??There are many incidents of sexual touching and groping that goes unreported to us, mainly because the alleged victim is either too stoned or high to properly ID them or they â??dont want to get the guy in trouble.â??â?? (Some national media outlets reported on the attacks too.) This is why, of course, Breitbart was yelling at the Occupiers outside CPAC to â??stop raping people,â?? but now that the movement is gearing up for a big spring comeback, I guess itâ??s time for the leftâ??s whitewash to being in earnest. Itâ??s a nice bookend to their demagoguery over the Tucson shooting: In that case, tea partiers were blamed for a crime that no tea partier committed whereas here no Occupiers are blamed for a crime that quite a few Occupiers allegedly committed. Fourteen minutes, but well worth it.videohttp://hotair.com/archives/2012/02/14/video-breitbart-vs-cenk-uygar-over-rape-at-occupy-camps/"""
"""Lol..When I'm with my homies ...i invite 3 bitchs in my room ...your sister for my right nut...your girl for my left nut... you MOMA For my dick... It's a party... ð??? It's a party...ð??» I coming... Bitchs..â??ð??« say uh"""
"""got a problem with haitian people dumb fuck... he's not even haitian ignorant ass nigga"""
"""Well I always just called it pitching."""
"""lol watching so much baseball before bed has been giving me weird dreams. Last night I dreamed I got called to play left field for the rangers. haha considering i'm right handed, 5'4 and ... a girl. I don't think that would work out well but it was AWESOME."""
"""I would totally agree. Fuck motion gaming, achievements are where it's at."""
"""So are you better off now than you were before BHO was elected?"""
"""don't threaten me Steve......never ever threaten me............"""
"""I think this was man on girl, so I don't understand your comment."""
"""I do not believe so.  Just like the SCOTUS cannot declare war."""
"""No kidding ... how did you learn to type"""
"""Go change your tampon maggot!"""
"""""A guy born with a silver spoon in his asshole, David McCullough, Jr. delivered this speech."" Are you a fucking dumb ass? Please tell me what your problem is with this. I'm guessing your mother must have fucking let you suckle her tit until you graduated high school, then you got pissed off at her when she pushed you off her tit and called her ""The worst mother ever."" Oh boo fucking hoo, that mean man said ""you're not special"". I watched this thinking this guy is gonna be some jack ass and in reality, he gave a great speech and spoke some beautiful truth. You honestly must be the type of person who tries to make the Occupy movement look bad...Are you a fucking agent provocateur? I wanna call you a stupid fucking hippie, but that would be an insult to them."""
"""Come back when you are out of puberty."""
"""@Beer  Doomsday peppers are like zombies, it only takes one and you're fucked."""
"""We're talking about Murder here, Racist a s s hole."""
"""your a troll bitch"""
"""no another idiot Ezra"""
"""Like if you were unable to read this comment because other comments loaded so fast."""
"""@BlessedAssurance If you have the opportunity to look into Planned Parenthood's statistics you'll see that the work they do with abortion services is a very small percentage of the services they provide to low income citizens. For many people, especially in today's difficult economy, this is the only health care they are able to afford. I hope you'll consider the lives of those people while you're debating this tough issue."""
"""Syd Barret was mentally ill. he was bipolar with a mix of autism and schizophrenia. thats nothing fun my friend. he died at 60 years old and still lived with his old mother in the county in england and he rode his bicycle alot before he died. he was a friend of mine since 1968. I was in a band called Hawk Wind back then when we were musicians and friends."""
"""Sadly we cant really affod to let him go or Ally will need to bring in at least another 2 or thres stikers if he does. It was an awful game on saturday and really showed us up for how poor our finishing and strikers were. In time of desperation go back to the long hoofs up the park and all jela could do was try to head the ball on to nobody. He also was trying to many flicks."""
"""Didn't mean to make you sentimental."""
"""You're just a mouthy bitch, just like your whore mother. Now get back in the kitchen & make me a sandwhich NOW!!"""
"""Is English your second language?"""
"""What Fox needs to do is hire some ex Nav/Marine/Army boys and post em up in their employee's yards, let the libs come, I gaurentee the biggest ass kickin those yellow winney's ever got.... This is the problem with the United States, gone are the days when you could give an idiot a smack in the face, Now you haveta knock em out and hittem so hard they have no recollection who they are or where they're from!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"""Are you serious?"""
"""them some ugly motherfuckers. Proof you don't need to be beautiful to make it in Hollywood, you just have to know who to blow."""
"""Senator Bryd  DemocratSaul Alinsky aka libtards  Socialist"""
""""" Picking a mate is not just picking a mate. More importantly it is picking a father for your children.""BINGO! That is the mentality that I have, that I've grown up with. That's how I've almost always seen it. Not just  selectively choosing a mate for me, but also for my future (possible) children. @Joyce345"""
"""Try to write in English next time dopey."""
"""Sander, you really go through 3 screennames in one day?  You were 48 yesterday right?"""
"""Oh lemonfemale you are so very wise."""
"""that wa flat out awful, arod can't catch up to the fastball anymore."""
"""have you been living under a rock kaden?"""
"""You poor, hopeless moron...you still fall for this shit?Must suck to be you."""
"""Riddell is just parroting the Brown's own propaganda about being a politician of ""substance"" over ""style"" (when he actually has neither)...Do we remember Brown's ""moral compass"" (shame about all the overweening ambition and bullying though)?  And that the ""clunking fist"" of ""Mr Prudent"" the ""Iron Chancellor"" had effectively ""ended boom and bust"" for us all (or had it?)?The Telegraph is disgracing itself by publishing this abysmal journalist with her badly thought-through and uninteresting nonsense."""
"""Hey, Rob-Me likes dogs, he might like that thing on Trumps head."""
"""If I remember, his election was a very hotly contended one in the union and there's still a lot of soreness about it."""
"""GO AWAY YOU FUC<M>KERS"""
"""una volta l'ho fatto...tornata da una settimana di vacanze avevo centinaia di nuovi post nei feed...ho cliccato su ""segna tutti come letti"" con un groppo in gola...però che liberazione :D"""
"""You are too stupid to breathe! """
"""code for you didnt pay the bill"""
"""""Thunder in 4""- Thunder Clown"""
"""I can feel sorry for you both. I am a child of God , just as you are and I do not hate you, but I do feel sorry for you ,because I feel so much hate in your words. Very Sad ."""
"""Harden got schooled by a 34 year old bald man."""
"""You are right!"""
"""this nigga gay, i would have been fucked that bitch."""
"""Bristol....just like your mom, you are an idiot.  Just another slave to right wing ideologies that do not cross paths with reality.  You are just another kid who had a kid."""
"""This is fair, and the right thing to do.  Do the right thing and the right thing will happen, how can those on limited incomes be expected to carry the burden of increased property taxes on a yearly basis.  Hope Ulster County can and will do the same thing!"""
"""No such thing as a gay marriage----- It is not recognized ------and every State that has had a voted on it has voted it down-----By a landslide-----Marriage is defined----""between a MAN and A WOMAN-----"""
"""Canada: which province are you from? NSW myself"""
"""Likely back this week. Cabrera ran today and Hafner got some swings and running in. Cabrera will be back tomorrow or Wednesday and Hafner in the next couple of days."""
"""Are you related to him or something? I can't figure out why someone would defend him.."""
"""Yep, I know you are a beach baby! X"""
"""I have not found one right wing fanatic in 3 kids in public schooll system in 12 years each.Â  Not to mention the ""parents"" who man the property increase table for the ""final"" time every time. We need money for our buses or the buses wont run - then the tax is approved ""again"" and yet the buses wont run. Then next voting block - uh you are not going to have a fire dept, teachers, blah blah blah so lets give them all a raise that 75% cannot afford. so we lose our homes they get a raise - perfectly fair. I really think everyone needs to suck it up - no wonder they are worried about turkey sandwiches. God my parents would have been on prison for the Bologna spread that they ground up every week. But then again - we had to walk home we did not have a ""car pool"" taking us from step to step. My dad made milk from 1 gal add enough powdered milk to make 3 gals. Add to corn flakes = child abuse."""
"""America... are you enjoying your corporate/government?  You voted for it - don't complain when you get more of it with Republicans."""
"""Commenter, why are you still trolling here? You are the loser!"""
"""You are absolutely right."""
"""Inhofe, there's nothing the EPA can do to miners what the mining company haven't already done and done far worse. They are the ones literally killing the miners for the sake of profit. They are the ones you should be investigating and not protecting."""
"""They are weak.  They have tons of ammunition and use none of it."""
"""Fuck this shit and fuck the Palins. This is the kind of banal bullshit which should have no place on television, much the same way local famewhore Lara Bingle should not be on Australian tv."""
"""you are right, but first we must find out who are the real BH, who tell the pastor that  BH are in town. how do they know? why didn't they arrest those who attended the meeting? who order the army to go?  who........, why..... how......?"""
"""You must be a faggot to assume that I'm on them, bitch-nigga."""
"""What a terrible woman, she has no idea how childish she sounds. Not to mention, she thinks she is far better looking than she is. She looks like a very rough pre  op trannie.  Why are these people never infertile? Not that I'd wish that on anyone, but you have to wonder what future generations will be like if things like this are allowed to breed!"""
"""Och alla barn är lika och fungerar på precis samma sätt och alla saknar grundläggande konsekvenstänkande eh?Om barn ges rösträtt bör man rimligtvis antaga att merparten inte kommer utnyttja denna. Precis som hos den vuxna befolkningen."""
"""For some reason I'm in the mood to keep showing everyone fanart. XD This fangirl cannot contain her love right now. ^ ^"""
"""Stupid fucking idiots,,,what more can you say. These freaks should put signs on their foreheads saying ""This Space for Rent."""""
"""LOL man you are relentless."""
"""^^i was thinking the same thing"""
"""What the fuck does this sentence mean."""
"""Nogicat , Posey is a valid excuse , aside from his production more importantly he is the catcher , if you know your baseball catchers are the one managing your pitching staff"""
"""I would have paid good money to watch you do that, only to watch you get your ass beat down afterwards.Instead, you made some sarcastic comment in your head and went back to drinking your fruity little drink with the umbrella in it, right?"""
"""YOU ARE THE REAL @SSHO LE AND I HOPE PEOPLE ON HERE REALIZE THAT YOU ARE A PRETENDER"""
"""ecolax is stupiddo you wanna be better or have cleaner ballsthey are nott grippy wat so everthat noise is just to make you not hear what they do"""
"""Some of you must think our enemies are as gullible as you are.  Nothing interesting here.  Move on."""
"""Hey, dont try to make me look like the fool for thinking that way. You're here just as much as he is. lol"""
"""lol-they will find a way to lose...."""
"""Teresa, ""Heckle &amp; Jive""?? You are sooo uneducated, skanky, nasty, desperate, fake, a lier and a criminal. I never liked you before, but now I despise you. The more you open your mouth, the more you expose yourself for being a terrible mother, lousy friend, the absolute worst sister ever.You dont deserve to have your brother Joe, his super family, Jacqueline, Caroline, or cousin Kathy in your life. They are all much better than you or your dumb family!"""
"""http://t.co/LBpHn8O5 http://shar.es/qNGKo http://shar.es/qPLm8 ""iNHERiT http://shar.es/qMm2k http://shar.es/qMnPX THE http://t.co/yQdpnkvM http://shar.es/qNX3H WiND"" http://t.co/bSxX1whh http://t.co/OJ9W5oae ""0BAMA http://shar.es/qVEoG http://t.co/R5ha6h89 iN http://t.co/HHgN3I9r 2o12"" http://t.co/c2kmuftr http://t.co/G3VXfi0r http://paper.li/f-1334936874 ...THEY D0 ABS0LUTELY N0THiNG http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qiaI2 DELUSi0NALhttp://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://t.co/yHELaHAq http://shar.es/qzCvl ANGRY http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://t.co/Ic3KVhem SELFiSH http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qzt0K http://shar.es/qzMXa LYiNG http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qzCvl http://shar.es/qzsT3 STiNGY http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qi7eM C0RRUPT http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qztz6 GREEDY http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qKUjT http://shar.es/qz7IM CROOKED http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qztz6 http://shar.es/qcyGh C0MMUNiST http://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qztvQ http://shar.es/q8Ubh REPUBLiCANS ufeffufeffhttp://bit.ly/MrZlgv http://shar.es/qiaI2 http://t.co/t7tG35Pf ALL HAVE COMMiTTED ufeff P0LiTiCAL SUiCiDEufeff4 2o12 http://shar.es/qKUjT ...THE UNRE-ELECTABLE BiGTiMEufeff LAZY WHiNiNGASS CRYBABY PATHETiC http://t.co/yHELaHAq LOSER http://t.co/yxVUiSFr DEMON J0HNhttp://bit.ly/MrZlgv ""THE http://t.co/v2LfbeYg PACiFiER SUCKA"" B0EHNER http://t.co/srGUvysY DAMN RiTE http://shar.es/q8Dfn LUGAR iS DEFiNiTELY OUT http://shar.es/qzLiJ & YOU'RE NEXT ...THE UNM0TiVATED UNRE-ELECTABLEufeff WELL KN0WN SUPER DASTARDLY WEAKMiNDED http://t.co/yHELaHAq S0RRYASS QUiTTER & LOSER http://t.co/yxVUiSFr DEMON ERiC http://bit.ly/MrZlgv ufeff""THE COWARDLY http://shar.es/qM38B http://t.co/v2LfbeYg WEASEL"" CANT0R http://t.co/srGUvysY DAMN RiTE http://shar.es/q8Dfn LUGAR iS DEFiNiTELY OUT http://shar.es/qzLiJ & YOU'RE NEXT http://t.co/rXNmrt38 ...THE 0LD ufeffhttp://t.co/3xgn4fPb DUMBASS & LOSER http://t.co/yHELaHAq DEMON iTS DEFiNiTELYufeff TiME 2RETiRE http://t.co/yxVUiSFr MiTCH http://bit.ly/MrZlgv ""THE BiGG http://t.co/v2LfbeYg TiME EViL SNiTCH"" http://shar.es/qi1LY McC0NNELL http://t.co/srGUvysY DAMN RiTE http://shar.es/q8Ubh LUGAR iS DEFiNiTELY OUT http://shar.es/qzLiJ & YOU'RE NEXT ""iNHERiT http://goo.gl/Oi4S8 THE http://t.co/ImmDUFcc WiND""ufeff YOU AREufeff MOST DEFiNiTELYufeff G0iNG http://shar.es/qBKPN 2B0W D0WN http://shar.es/q8Ubh ...BELiEVE... http://shar.es/q8Dfn Y0UR 0BSTRUCTiONiSM & http://shar.es/qKUjT D0 ABS0LUTELY N0THiNG http://bit.ly/MrZlgv FiNAL DAYS ARufeffE MOST DEFiNiTELY NUMBERED http://t.co/t7tG35Pf iT iS PERMANENTLY ENGRAVED iN ST0NE http://bit.ly/MrZlgv DAMN RiTE http://t.co/01k4Wu4w PRESiDENT OBAMA http://t.co/lIs1mACd A MAN 0F ALL THE PE0PLE iN 2o12 http://t.co/ImmDUFcc ...FORWARD ...Give Moe Powwa 2Da Peeps"""
"""psh dy shoqet e mia enxhin tba dhe zeshkanen otr qe jane shum dreqe hahaha jeni shum te mira moj dreqe djj te lutem shum kg e ndjej mungesen tende rs  nga rrepistia tba"""
"""You mean like that one Francour just hit, right?"""
"""Yo this shits raw, reminds me of the Number 1 Playaz. Their song Haters goes hardu2026 now thatu2019s a crew I can fuck with. Check out their song, and fuck the haters.u2028Haters - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xc6PO8XNy1s"""
"""hello mrs white&to the other teacher we really want to come back to howick historical village we have injoyed being with you as you know this is one of a sir douglas bader student i really miss how mrs white took us to the school classs and teached us some skills and how we are not allowed to right with our left hand only right well if you get this message please comment back                               well my name is potoae and please comment bacl                                    love you howick historical village"""
"""I see Celtics fans are having a Hate the Heat orgy here but watch you guys disappear at the end of the game."""
"""and with the heat index it is even hotter.."""
"""you're an idiot"""
"""maybe the MPs should take a pay cut. to show the way..........."""
"""Flute as fuck!"""
"""Why would anyone listen or seriously consider any comment from Juan Williams. I'm a little confused as to why he is a FOX News contributor since he holds such extreme liberal views. Do you think MSNBC has any real Conservative on their network? Joe ScarbourghÂ doesn't count as while he always says he is a conservative he is the biggest Republican and conservative basher on thier network, he makes Al (Fraken) Sharpton, Chris (I getÂ a thrill up my legÂ everytime Obama speaks) Matthews, Ed (I couldn't find my ass with either hand) Schultz,Â Rachel (AKA Pauly from the Wonder Years TV show) Maddow, and Lawrence (Yes, I'm an admitted Socalist) O'Donnell.look moderate. Â """
"""She shit rivets in the tub."""
"""Well said. That you're all mouth and no facts has no bearing. Keep repeating it, though. Eventually you'll convince other idiots that you know something."""
"""Then why are Republicans the party with not one but two gay auxilliarries - GOProud and the Log Cabin Rerpublicans."""
"""Jesus, I'm so fucking sorry. The whole fucking world is teeming with perpetual drunk drivers and you get caught moving to a parking lot. So messed up."""
"""OK Whitey. Have a good night."""
"""Bench him, then his bat cools and he'll hit around .200 once he gets some playing time"""
"""If you want to make your online marketing video viral, you must be updated with the latest technological advancements, and make use of that on your next video. For example, if the camera youu2019re using is a little bit outdated and produces low quality videos, then it must be time to purchase a new one. Or, if your editing software has limited capabilities, get another one that offers more capabilities that will improve the quality and life of your video."""
"""Just to educate you my brother, you and Kim may be the bigots.  If he's liking your post because he's ""Asian too""."""
"""The state is not dictating how catholic prey. It is not establishing a religion. Nor is it preventing Catholics fromÂ  practicing their religion with or without contraception. What it is doing is making contraceptives available on health insurance policies that Catholic owned businesses provide. Because it is available you dont have to use it. However those employed who wish to can do so."""
"""First... I am not Mr.Second...I saw that before!! Like so many times so far!!"""
"""Even without the pool of water..."""
"""And your word sure the fuck does not a mandate make.90% of your genes are shared with a fucking banana.  Get over yourself."""
"""I would sooner cut my own throat than hand that piece of crap the knife to do me slowly.. F U no way.. Hell NO Romney! Yall go to hell.. you sons of sick bitches that follow him.."""
"""You never commented on the running"""
"""Is ""The Five"" shot on location in an old folks home? Â I think they were pretty bang opinion-wise, but geez!Coming up next on The Five, ""Teenagers on Skateboards - Scary or Silly?"". Â But before that, we'll remember the good old days by talking about how television in the 50's was more wholesome than it is today."""
"""It sure is.  I'm a coal fire man."""
"""This wholeÂ  David Brock/Media Matters things now explains why so many of his trolls are homosexual activists.Â Â  When you read the bloggers, it at first seems like there are a lot of homosexual activists blogging, but it really is just one big David Brock â??Borgâ??.Â Â Â Â Â  Usually, the David Brock Borg homosexual bloggers all say the same things.Â Â Â  They all slander Fox News.Â  They all slander Christians.Â  They all attack (in unison) whatever Republican candidate is at the top during any particular week.David Brock Â wrote of his experience at Berkely:â??At Berkeley, I had no cause to associate conservatism with prejudice against gays. In the early â??80s gay issues werenâ??t polarizing our campusâ?¦since arriving in Berkeley I no longer put aside my deeper desires. With some hesitation, during my freshman year, I went on uneasy dates and had hurried Â s e x u a l encounters with other guys in neighboring dorms. By the end of the year I considered myself gay and had surprisingly little trouble accepting that realityâ?¦.â?? During the summer after his freshman year, he writes, he was attracted to a fellow student (referred to in his book as â??Andrewâ??), â??a blond, blue-eyed dreamboat of the Brad Pitt varietyâ?¦â?? while they both worked with CalPIRG (the California Public Interest Group). Â """
"""Dude, if you change you username to specify against someone then you're a butthurt fag"""
"""@LadyAnne Where did you get your 3% fact?!  I really want to know.  I don't believe it for a second and would like to know where you pulled that number from. Abby Johnson (author of unPlanned) tells of her time with Planned Parenthood and how she would partake in budget meetings.  They literally doubled their ""quota"" for abortions for the upcoming year to double the current year - and by ""quota"" I do mean that staff was being told to encourage twice as many abortions to meet these numbers.  That is what Planned Parenthood is about."""
"""Why is manber such a shit rapper?"""
"""@Rourke needs to give me a fucking like My biggest problem is licensing.  I am actually kind of disapointed that the Republicans never touched Health Care when they had the majority.  I wish they would have taken Milton Friedman's idea (one of the main influences of ""Reaganomics"") and taken the licensing power away from the American Medical Association.  I trust nurses, and would have no problem with a nurse treating me rather than going bankrupt seeing a doctor."""
"""Romney Steps In It With Gay Marriage LineVia Buzzfeed, which missed something of an attack angle from the right in this short Romney riff on gay marriage. Romney says he wanted to stop the gay marriage ruling so it didn't go across the country. Too bad he wasn't thinking that way when he implemented the model for Obamacare at the state-level as Romneycare, huh? Or, was he...?video of Romney.....http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player embedded&v=rfpN UWm 5ADan Riehl"""
"""Only black people can generalize based on race? when did this happen? ""Dumb White Boy"" your words. Not mine. I thnk its clear you dont know what racism means, you must be stupid. I wouldnt presume to label your race, just plain stupid."""
"""That is funney because the doctors are saying you are not paying them. So yah you have a suplus because you have not paid your bills."""
"""Liberals just cannot stand the idea that their main outlet MSNBC has ratings somewhere way behind re-runs of Lassie.Â  Try as they may...Â  with a mighty huff and puff from Media Matters, they cannot blow away Fox, no matter what they do."""
"""You're analysis is exceptionally American. And by that I mean it's entirely grounded in fact-challenged star-spangled retardation- entirely voluntary in nature."""
"""you are right 100% ..... Logical"""
"""Here is a video of why republicans suck.Â  http://otpoliticalposts.forumotion.com/t1495-why-we-suck"""
"""hey jack a $ $ ..........once again it has been proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that your messiah is a lying fraud...........that so called BC was and is a FORGERY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!your messiah is an anti-American racists fraud..............and you will all have to face that TRUTH real soon !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!you are a phukin MORON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"""You are welcome Nikky!"""
"""@JonKlimasIsNOT A BRONY  http://imgur.com/r/funny/UUgKV"""
"""Is it just me, or can I not watch anything on this website anymore. I've tried several different computers and they all say the same thing, that's there's an error on #2048"""
"""shit quality. need better rip. ug its so hard to find high quality hard trance"""
"""People like you are the reason the economy is failing."""
"""I'm giving up with you now. Lying and Perverting the course of Justice are two completely different things which can't be used interchangably - it doesn't even matter what you say unless you are under arrest at the time as it is the actual arrest that gives them the power to repeat what you have said in court. As in ""You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention something you later rely on in court. anything YOU DO SAY may be taken and given in evidence"". So unless the passengers were arrested for your non-existant crime and then agreed to give a statement against the driver who was doing them a favour, who would then subsequently have to have admitted all wrongdoing in front of a judge.It isn't more likely than I think, it's probably even less likely than I think"""
"""That looked like you at first glance!"""
"""Boo!!! Mark Zuckenberg; you are a criminal. You will face your crimes, or face the penalties of you criminal behavior/thinking on Facebook."""
"""Leftist White race traitor or shit skinned degenerate; you are a hard one to call.Mongoloid."""
"""@JenBroflovski  @YinzerinCT Still Zero Fucks"""
"""BossInteresting the ""Mike Smith"" the failed banking idiot,  that was on here spouting his bullshit is all over the telegraph site bad mouthing John Key again.   He was the so called ""Well traveled. In New Zealand short term. Puzzled by its love affair with neolibeerals"", fool.Another died in the wool labourite pompous twat.   I like the article though."""
"""I have a 45 that has a 6.5 inch barrel..I'll bet that would fit better. You wanna suck on it? You will love the climax it has. Will damn-near blow your mind!"""
"""I'll make a bold prediction now: If Dolan continues to beat this war drum, it'll blow up in his face. He is beginning to overreach; perhaps his elevation to cardinal is getting to his head.Â The president has compromised and granted broad exemptions to faith-based organizations with respect to providing health insurance products that violate their conscience. What more does the clergy want -- for the President to kiss the ring of the Cardinal? Soon this will become a story of Catholic leadership, whose moral standing remains questionable following the child molestation scandals, waging war against women and the president. Not a war they can win..."""
"""Lets all blow Jeff Carter now.... stfu he does nothing"""
"""My wife was watching the Grammy pre-show the other night, right up until this gutter-whore and her old-white-pimp walked into the shot.It's amazing how a talentless piece of trash like this can make a living doing what she does.Â  It's to be expected from her industry though.Â  """
"""No, I have no family. I was the product of immaculate conception.Maybe I'd do exactly what he did, but I abide by the rules of civilized society and would accept the consequences of killing another person"""
"""You're terrible and you've got 28 dislikes. Look's like you're an idiot just like IGN(orant)"""
"""90s Indians scariest offensive teams ever"""
"""I am almost more excited than you!"""
"""Are you retarded?Troll harder bitch."""
"""Only fucking with number 2... that's prolly the only pair i can pull off  out these."""
"""You are a kid waiting to go to work at the 7-11 right? That was funny you attemtping to be deep."""
"""you sure it's not leBron's mom?"""
"""you are RIGHT!"""
"""@MRL731 Whyyy?? I love that word!"""
"""I get how this works.  You work with Congress unless it won't do what you want, in which case you simply decree your will.  You are a child if you don't understand what's wrong with this."""
"""Thank you, Tania! Really appreciate your comment and you stopping by... Will definitely get back to a more regular blogging schedule as soon as my exams are over... Take care! =)"""
"""Jeezus...do you realize you are making a total fool of yourself? You are criticizing someone for not knowing enough about one of the lowest firms of expression."""
"""not only the #3 team in their own division, but also the #3 team in the nation before the LSU game"""
"""That is also part of the as is part of the old law and fits right in with the word on that has been out there from 01 A.D. ..........Either you are dumb or you don't understand what you read ....DUH!!!!Please thry figure it out before making such a stupid reply here is your 2nd chance to figure out my post......."""
"""Well your Buckwheat Obama would qualify fagg0t"""
"""Deb, some of it will fix itself when you start to trust yourself more and don't look to see where the ball went before you hit it."""
"""can i suck your toes?"""
"""that would be the ex-party chairman who set it up at the Baptist church kinda like how he went there during PPP to dispose of certain ballots. Boy you people are really lost.. Any of you go to the convention and reconvention???? Or you all just talking smoke."""
"""Who cares now that we now that the gs3 is coming out . Fuck the evo"""
"""ha ha ha now that's funny thanks for the unwanted promotion timb0707 btw have you seen that movie called ""sucker-punch""? yeah kinda had a feelin that you'd like that one heat in six book it! karlovvvv"""
"""Â You'll find that the majority of individuals posting here are of the opinion that republicans/plutocrats by-and-large pick and choose which laws hold value. It's likely only those laws that control someone else's behavior.In your vernacular go fuck yourself and clean the slime you leave all the way back to Fucks News asshole."""
"""Funny and very honest.  Part of me thinks Ms. Bell is very gutsy for sharing that video, but the other part tells me that losing one's sh*t over a petting zoo critter is just a little this side of weird.  """
"""So when is Crawford coming back? I drafted yhat bum."""
"""truth never needs a hearing ... it just isleft wing truth ... is only the truth"""
"""Bitch you're gonna get hit #meow"""
"""Henry Cisneros - Democrat - U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development from 1993 to 1997. Pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of lying to the FBI...>******************************************************James A. Traficant Jr. Democrat - Member of House of Representatives from Ohio. Expelled from Congress after being convicted of corruption charges. Sentenced today to eight years in prison for accepting bribes and kickbacks. ..>******************************************************John Doug Hays - Democrat - member of Kentucky State Senate from 1980 to 1982 Found guilty of mail fraud for submitting false campaign reports stemming from an unsuccessful run for judge. He was sentenced to six months in prison to be followed by six months of home confinement and three years of probation. .> ******************************************************Â Â Henry J. Cianfrani - Democrat - Pennsylvania State Senate from 1967 to 1976. Convicted on federal charges of racketeering and mail fraud for padding his Senate payroll. Sentenced to five years in federal prison. ..>******************************************************David Hall - Democrat - Governor of Oklahoma from 1971 to 1975. Indicted on extortion and conspiracy charges. Convicted and sentenced to three years in prison...>******************************************************John A. Celona - Democrat - A former state senator was charged with the three counts of mail fraud. Federal prosecutors accused him of defrauding the state and collecting hundreds of thousands of dollars from CVS Corp. and others while serving in the legislature. Celona has agreed to plead guilty to taking money from the CVS pharmacy chain and other companies that had interest in legislation. Under the deal, Celona agreed to cooperate with investigators. He faces up to five years in federal prison on each of the three counts and a $250,000 fine..> ******************************************************Â Allan Turner Howe - Democrat - U.S. Representative from Utah from 1975 to 1977. Arrested for soliciting a policewoman posing as a p rostitute...>******************************************************Jerry Cosentino - Democrat - Illinois State Treasurer. Pleaded guilty to bank fraud - fined $5,000 and sentenced to nine months home confinement...>******************************************************Joseph Waggonner Jr. - Democrat - U.S. Representative from Louisiana from 1961 to 19 79. Arrested in Washington, D.C. for soliciting a policewoman posing as a p rostitute..> Lafayette Thomas - Democrat - Candidate for Tennessee State House of Representatives in 1954. Sheriff of Davidson County, from 1972 to 1990. Indicted in federal court on 54 counts of abusing his power as sheriff. Pleaded guilty to theft and mail fraud; sentenced to five years in prison...>******************************************************Mary Rose Oakar - Democrat - U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1977 to 1993. Pleaded guilty to two misdemeanor charges of funneling $16,000 through fake donors...>******************************************************David Giles - Democrat - candidate for U.S. Representative from Washington in 1986 and 1990. Convicted in June 2000 of child r ape...>******************************************************Gary Siplin - Democrat state senator Florida- found guilty of third-degree grand theft of $5,000 or more, a felony, and using services of employees for his candidacy...>******************************************************Edward Mezvinsky - Democrat - U.S. Representative from Iowa from 1973 to 1977. Indicted on 56 federal fraud charges...>******************************************************Â Lena Swanson - Democrat - Member of Washington State Senate in 1997. Pleaded guilty to charges of soliciting unlawful payments from veterans and former prisoners of war...>******************************************************Abraham J. Hirschfeld - Democrat - candidate in Democratic primary for U.S. Senator from New York in 1974 and 1976. Offered Paula Jones $1 million to drop her s exual harassment lawsuit against President Bill Clinton. Convicted in 2000 of trying to hire a hit man to k ill his business partner...> Frank Thompson, Jr. - Democrat - U.S. Representative from New Jersey from 1955 to 1980. Implicated in the Abscam sting, convicted on bribery and conspiracy charges. Sentenced to three years in prisonMichael Joseph Myers - Democrat - U.S. Representative from Pennsylvania from 1976 to 1980. ...>******************************************************Â Alcee Lamar Hastings - Democrat - U.S. Representative from Florida. Impeached and removed from office as federal judge in 1989 over bribery charges.â?¦>******************************************************Marion Barry - Democrat - mayor of Washington, D.C., from 1979 to 1991 and again from 1995 to 1999. Convicted of cocaine possession after being caught on videotape smoking crack cocaine. Sentenced to six months in prison.â?¦>******************************************************Mario Biaggi - Democrat - U.S. Representative from New York from 1969 to 1988. Indicted on federal charges that he had accepted bribes in return for influence on federal contracts.Convicted of obstructing justice and accepting illegal gratuities. Tried in 1988 on federal racketeering charges and convicted on 15 felony counts.â?¦>******************************************************Lee Alexander - Democrat - Mayor of Syracuse, N.Y. from 1970 to 1985. Was indicted over a $1.5 million kickback scandal. Pleaded guilty to racketeering and tax evasion charges. Served six years in prison...>******************************************************Â Bill Campbell - Democrat - Mayor of Atlanta. Indicted and charged with fraud over claims he accepted improper payments from contractors seeking city contracts. â?¦>******************************************************Frank Ballance - Democrat - Congressman North Carolina. Pleaded guilty to one charge of conspiracy to commit mail fraud and money laundering related to mishandling of money by his charitable foundation. ...>******************************************************Hazel O'Leary - Democrat - Secretary of Energy during the Clinton Administration - O'leary took trips all over the world as Secretary with as many 50 staff members and at times rented a plane, which was used by Madonna during her concert tours. Dan Walker - Democrat governor of Illinois from1973 to 1977 served less than two years of a seven-year sentence for receiving improper loans a decade after leaving office. ..>**********************************Gerry Eastman Studds - Democrat - U.S. Representative from Massachusetts from 1973 to 1997. The first openly g ay member of Congress. Censured by the House of Representatives for having s exual relations with a teenage House page.************************************Hiram Monserrate- Queens City Councilman and state Senator-elect - who has claimed to be an advocate of victims of domestic violence - was arrested for breaking a glass over his girlfriend's face. Monserrate, 41, a former cop, won election to the state Senate as a Democrat in November 2008. ************************************James C. Green - Democrat - North Carolina State House of Representatives from 1961 to 1977. Charged with accepting a bribe from an undercover FBI agent, but was acquitted. Convicted of tax evasion in 1997.Â *******************************************..>Frederick Richmond - Democrat - U.S. Representative from New York from 1975 to 1982. Arrested in Washington, D.C., in 1978 for soliciting s ex from a minor and from an undercover police officer - pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor. Also - charged with tax evasion, marijuana possession, and improper payments to a federal employee - pleaded guilty.Â ************************************..>Raymond Lederer - Democrat - U.S. Representative from Pennsylvania from 1977 to 1981. Implicated in the Abscam sting - convicted of bribery and sentenced to three years in prison and fined $20,000.******************************************************..>Harrison Arlington Williams, Jr. - Democrat - U.S. Senator from New Jersey from 1959 to 1970. Implicated in the Abscam sting. Allegedly accepted an 18% interest in a titanium mine. Convicted of nine counts of bribery, conspiracy, receiving an unlawful gratuity, conflict of interest, and interstate travel in aid of racketeering. Sentenced to three years in prison and fined $50,000. Daniel David Rostenkowski - Democrat - U.S. Representative from Illinois from 1959 to 1995. Indicted on 17 felony charges- pleaded guilty to two counts of misuse of public funds and sentenced to seventeen months in federal prison.********************************************Melvin Jay Reynolds - Democrat U.S. Representative from Illinois from 1993 to 1995. Convicted on sexual misconduct and obstruction of justice charges and sentenced to five years in prison. *****************************************************Wayne Bryant - Democrat NJ state senator- was convicted was found guilty on all 12 counts against him including bribery and pension fraud.************************Charles Coles Diggs, Jr. - Democrat - U.S. Representative from Michigan from 1955 to 1980. Convicted on eleven counts of mail fraud and filing false payroll forms- sentenced to three years in prison.*******************************..>George Rogers - Democrat - Massachusetts State House of Representatives from 1965 to 1970. M000ember of Massachusetts State Senate from 1975 to 1978. Convicted of bribery in 1978 and sentenced to two years in prison...>******************************************Don Siegelman - Democrat Governor Alabama - indicted in a bid-rigging scheme involving a maternity-care program. The charges accused Siegelman and his former chief of staff of helping Tuscaloosa physician Phillip Bobo rig bids. Siegelman was accused of moving $550,000 from the state education budget to the State Fire College in Tuscaloosa so Bobo could use the money to pay off a competitor for a state contract for maternity care. *****************************************John Murtha, Jr. - Democrat - U.S. Representative from Pennsylvania. Implicated in the Abscam sting, in which FBI agents impersonating A rab businessmen offered bribes to political figures; Murtha was cited as an unindicted co-conspirator.******************************************Otto Kerner - Democrat governor of Illinois from 1961 to 1968 was jailed after the manager of two horse-racing tracks admitted to bribing the then- governor; charges were filed after Kerner left office he was convicted in 1973.Barney Frank - Democrat - U.S. Representative from Massachusetts from 1981 to present. Admitted to having paid Stephen L. Gobie, a male p rostitute, for s ex and subsequently hiring Gobie as his personal assistant. Gobie used the congressman's Washington apartment for p rostitution. A move to expel Frank from the House of Representatives failed and a motion to censure him failed under a Democratic majority.*********************************************************..>DNC - The Federal Election Commission imposed $719,000 in fines against participants in the 1996 Democratic Party fundraising scandals involving contributions from China, Korea and other foreign sources. The Federal Election Commission said it decided to drop cases against contributors of more than $3 million in illegal DNC contributions because the respondents left the country or the corporations are defunct. ****************************************************************************************************Sandy Berger - Democrat - National Security Advisor during the Clinton Administration. Berger fined $50,000 for illegally removing highly classified documents and handwritten notes from the National Archives during preparations for the Sept. 11 commission hearings.**************************Â Robert Torricelli - Democrat - Withdrew from the 2002 Senate race with less than 30 days before the election because of controversy over personal gifts he took from a major campaign donor and questions about campaign donations from 1996. ******************** James McGreevey - Democrat - New Jersey Governor . Admitted to having a gay affair. Resigned after allegations of sexual harassment, rumors of being blackmailed on top of fundraising investigations and indictments.********************************Jesse Jackson - Democrat - Democratic candidate for President. Admitted to having an extramarital affair and fathering a illegitimate child..******************************************************Gary Condit - Democrat - US Democratic Congressman from California. Condit had an affair with an intern. Condit, covered up the affair and lied to police after she went missing. No charges were ever filed against Condit. Her remains were discovered in a Washington DC park..Â *****************************************Eliot Spitzer- Democrat - New York governor - resigned from office after being tied to a p rostitution ring.Sowande Ajumoke Omokunde - Democrat - the son of newly elected U.S. Rep. Gwen Moore, was booked on charges of criminal damage to property for allegedly slashing tires on 20 vans and cars rented by the Republican Party for use in Election Day voter turnout efforts. Anthony Weiner - Democrat - Takes pictures of his p enis and t weets it to under age teen and six other women while his wife is carrying his child. His p enis ends up on the internet for all of time and resigns from office.**************************************John Edwards - Democrat - Extramarital affair admitted to in August 2008 by John Edwards, a former United States Senator from North Carolina and Democratic Party presidential candidate. The affair was initially reported by The National Enquirer, an American supermarket tabloid newspaper, but was given little or no coverage by many sources in the American mainstream media.[1][2][3] The Enquirer cited claims by an anonymous source that Edwards had engaged in the affair with Rielle Hunter, a filmmaker hired to work for his presidential campaign, and that the relationship had produced a child. Durin the time when his wife made a announcement that her cancer had returned and was found to be incurable. Elizabeth died on December 7, 2010**************************************Â Maxine WatersÂ  - Democrat - As a congressional ethics panel prepares to try Maxine Waters for steering federal funds to her husbandâ??s failing bank, a newspaper reports that the veteran California lawmaker is embroiled in a separate corruption scandal involving her beloved hubby.. â?¦.***********************************â?¦â?¦â?¦..Citing federal records, the story says that a powerful lobbyist paid Watersâ?? banker husband (Sidney Williams) $15,000 in â??consulting feesâ?? as she co-sponsored a law aimed at saving a business that was among the lobbyistâ??s top clients. The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) had determined that the real estate finance firm and others like it were â??scamsâ?? and the congresswomanâ??s measure would have overturned a federal ban that would have allowed the shady enterprises to keep raking in lucrative profits..For years the firms acted as a middleman to help sellers finance down payments so that low-income buyers could qualify for mortgages insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA). The lobbyist who paid Watersâ?? husband represented the nationâ??s largest such middleman (Sacrament-based Nehemiah Corp.), which stood to lose hundreds of millions of dollars if the ban wasnâ??t reversed by friendly lawmakers like Waters. .Implemented in 2008, the federal ban was never overturned but not for lack of effort on Watersâ?? part. The ten-term congresswoman sponsored legislation three times to stop the ban or repeal it once it became law. She claims she did it because the program allowed hundreds of thousands of low-income families to become homeowners. .News of this latest scandal comes as the House Ethics Committee prepares to try Waters for using her influence to steer $12 million in federal bailout funds to a failing bank (that subsequently got shut down by the government) in which she and her board member husband held shares. .A few months ago the congresswoman got in trouble again for skirting federal elections rules with a crooked fundraising gimmick that allows her to receive unlimited amounts of donations from certain contributors. Instead of raising most of her campaign funds from individuals and political action committees, Waters sells her endorsement to other politicians and political causes for as much as $45,000 a pop, allowing her to rake in hundreds of thousands of dollars in short periods of time. **************Neil Goldschmidt â?? Democrat â?? Oregon governor. Admitted to having an illegal sexual relationship with a 14-year-old teenager while he was serving as Mayor of Portland.Â **************Â William Jefferson Clinton-- Democrat -Â  Impeached by the House of Representatives over allegations of perjury and obstruction of justice, but acquitted by the Senate after a s ex a scandal with an intern.***********************Edward Moore Kennedy - Democrat - U. S. Senator from Massachusetts. Pleaded guilty to leaving the scene of an accident, after his car plunged off a bridge on Chappaquiddick Island killing passenger Mary Jo Kopechne."""
"""I liked your comment not because it was sensible but because it was so far-ny."""
"""@blazeraddict @Blaine Jungwirth @Afrika Bambaataa yeah, i got the same gift."""
"""Is it night time where you live?"""
"""Why don't schools worry about teaching instead of dumbs**t. For real, aren't our childrens educations suffering enough with every hippie retard in the world making it worse? You freaks and you dainty feelings whining cause your parents whipped your little bad ass when u deserved it are screwing the whole thing up. """
"""More than half of living Medal of Honor Recipients have endorsed Romney"""
"""No list is complete without Peach City in Brigham City. Now that is a burger joint! Also, how did Hometown Drive-in make the list in Laketown but not LaBeau's? LaBeau's put the ""R"" in Raspberry Shakes."""
"""Get thatdick outta your mouth so you can talk."""
"""I hope you are not setting the standard by using your real name on GC posts."""
"""Conference champs only... we are not trying to pick the pecking order... but give every school via their conference a path to play for the National championship...This is so simple to get right... why do these clowns keep screwing it up?Win your conference you play lose you don't..."""
"""'Corporations are people'Google 'Corporate Citizenship'.""However, many also take it to mean that corporations should be regarded as citizens within a territory - i.e. that corporations have citizenship of some sort. This is usually based on the principle of corporate personhood, in that in certain legal jurisdictions, such as the United States, companies are afforded some of the same legal rights as individuals."""""
"""You didn't read the article, and you are a ignorant putz."""
"""You are lucky to have any privileges at all after saying some of the most vile comments in the history of this blog."""
"""Are you really this stupid?"""
"""Pitbulls are not banned in broward county, Put one inside your bussiness and wait for the stupid maggot to be pleseantly surprised by fido."""
"""Ya and feed him more chocolate"""
"""@cde2529cb2286129f8c64da529eb1620:disqus : Gunjan di...plzzzzzz mujh se naaraz mat ho :( you are angry coz i thought to close my ff? Di, maybe people don't like it? aur uss larki ne bhi kuch soch samajh kar hi comment kia hoga that my ff is not good :(....ab plz mujh se gussa mat ho......@ae479ceb1494fc0ba42da261fcea5830:disqus : Sadaf di,aap bhi mujh se gussa ho? plz aap tou gussa mat ho :( actually di, meri koi id nahi hai, aur na hi mein fb per hun.......mein tou comment bhi apni behen ki id se karti hun.....i don't have an id.....aur waise aap ka chat box wala idea bura nahi hai."""
"""Stfu your existence offends me"""
"""It's much better than the left wingnuts who got us into this mess in the first place!  Like you Susan!"""
"""You Lack Empathy is a fucking great drink!"""
"""Just because Owebama came out of the closet doesn't mean you should all blindly follow suit."""
"""Hmmm new iOS without new hardware to try on? So far iPhone announcements have been done at WWDC in the past numerous times already, unless new iPod touch pops out of no where to demo it, and bring Siri to iPad 3 ! Will see tomorrow how it plays out..."""
"""I agree it is hard which is why I try to stay away from it because there is no way to really know who would be better"""
"""yep you are officially addicted to polyvore....as am I! :p"""
"""amazing eh? talk about gaining experience and considering last year in college he probably only played 25-30 games pretty incredible"""
"""@Hoss   @JenBroflovski fuck you you old fuck, the real john mclain. the real one from die hard"""
"""o'neil is the best manager in the world, fact. love to see jose do what mart does. no chance."""
"""Waaaaaaaaaa!!!!! Waaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!Listen to those libturds whine!   They know they are toast so they yap and snip like little Chihauhaus!(No offense to Chihauhaus intended)."""
"""And we could put up a high-stakes RussianÂ RouletteÂ game, I'm sure a few people would ""choose"" to do that too. Like young girls ""choose"" prostitution, people ""choose"" to be crack heads... The fact that you can ""blow the rent money on the roll of the dice"" and leave your children homeless is case in point."""
"""we need to have a honest goverment and clean up all communists from any party now"""
"""Because Kagawa isn't going to ""sell shirts"" to their favourite team."""
"""waiting to hear them say ""BLACK"" huh?........BLACK!! okay ?  Now unhand yourself, go and smoke a cigarette....better, isn't it......you relly should invest in HUSTLER or PLAYBOY"""
"""well, he wants to ban gay marriage even in states where it is currently legal, he wants to ban adoption for gay couples, he thinks Planned Parenthood has a ""hidden agenda"" andÂ he wantsÂ No abortions even in cases of rape"""
"""there is a good team on the field idiot! People get injured, people slump! To say Gonzi and Youk are no better at hitting than the fans, is absolutely ridiculous and upsurd! Do RSN and the Red Sox a favor and stay at home and shut the f&ck up! You are a prime example of what I am talking about! If you're going to criticize then do it realisticly and stop pulling dumb Sh!t out of your A$$! As for the rabbits foot, I'm not talking about luck here. I am talking about a behavoir of the fans that is bleeding into the club house. You try and perform while constantly criticized and have to endure stupid comments like you. I'm not saying it is the main problem but it certainly does not help anyone!"""
"""you really are a complete moron, yo must be one of those incompetent welfare leeches who does nothing but put a drain on every hard working person in this country. Cut the cord, do something with your pathetic life."""
"""really?since when has it become cool to defend him?"""
"""Nope, it is a moron like you who needs to shut up"""
"""You are simply comically idiotic.  Or you're just a depressing fool.  Either way, you're still just a liar and an Internet coward.  Cheers!"""
"""cause you never know when you're gonna need one. LOL ;o)"""
"""you are not better than your bedtime."""
"""You are wrong idiot!"""
"""Something tells me he is a burglar at night."""
"""""President Romney""  sounds really good. Now, Cheney for VP and we're all set.  Yeah, that's the ticket---Romney/ Cheney.  And the  motto will be  ""Just to piss off the Liberals""."""
"""Of course Iran has been talking us to death for years in their development of nukes.   With Obama and Hillary they have willing allies to prolong it even further.   The Israelis and believe or not the Saudi's and Jordanians will not wait for Obama knowing exactly who he supports.   The Arabs have as much to lose because occupying them is also on Irans time table.   Simply put the Iranians are shiite and the Saudi's and Jordanians are sunni they hate each other deeply.   In this case Enemy of my Enemy is my friend at least for today."""
"""getting your face ate off"""
"""Don't you get tennis elbow from jacking off as much as you do? """
"""Nigga didnt even pinch the bitch...he a cowered tho...deserved that ass whooping"""
"""A Frank yesterday, a Frank today, a Frank tomorrow.  I have been and always will be one big Frank."""
"""tstev, you really ought to get a life. You accused me of being another commenter pretending to be a supporter of that commenter's stance in another article, long ago. You post more than anyone I have ever seen, and your posts are always vicious, petty and pointless and quick to whip out ad hominem attacks. You post so often that I wonder how do you, pray tell, make a living? Are you one of the 1%? Do you live in your parents' basement? I'm sure you'll accuse me of being yet another Abigail or something idiotic along those lines. By all means, deflect away from legitimate discussion. That's the height of maturity."""
"""What Muslims are currently being line up for hate?"""
"""I feel bad for the woman. What would have made this story better is if the man attempted to rape her and she pulled a 9mm and gave that guy a dirt nap. but who needs guns, guns are barbaric. And rapes, murders and home invasions only happen in the movies and on TV.Instead this guy is gonna be in jail and all the liberals will think he is gonna be ""rehabilitated"" and he will become a contributing member of society on release.Â Such a waste of tax dollars."""
"""Bitch,be quiet. Somebody needs to kick your ass for talkin' that stupid shit,hoe."""
"""You are a complete moron"""
"""Android is everything Steve Jobs envisioned iOS to be. That's why he hated it so much lmfao. That was Apples most pathetic update yet, that shit should 5.2 not OS6."""
"""THATS OK..IF I GET IN TROUBLE THERE WILL BE MILLIONS WORSE OFF....I'LL LOOT WITH THE BEST OF EM"""
"""The boys at Epic Mealtime must be proud."""
"""I like Season 4 OK. It wasn't as good as the later half of season 2/first half of season 3 but it wasn't terrible (or even merely bad)"""
"""SHOLA'WHAT PLANET DO YOU LIVE ON YOU NEED TO GET DOWN TO SPECSAVERS BLIND OR STUPID?"""
"""Illegal Cuban Zombies.. Castro's Revenge.. for Sega Genesis only..from Akklaim"""
"""i believe in the mantra no risk no fun.. However, On balance, I would have to fall in line with the do not do it camp on this one.. Having said all that there is an old snap of self on a dirt bike laying around somewhere with my young daughter clinging to me on pillion seat.. having fun but neither of us wearing crash hats..i guess we all have rash moments. """
"""You piece of scum. According to the SA constitution, this lady was a Black person. Hope your mother is the mother of all old cows. Idiot."""
"""Arsene Wenger is a great manager, of that there is no doubt, and i, for the life of me, couldn't understand that substitution...however, he is the manager not me, and he may have had a sensible reason for doing it, we don't know."""
"""I feel like Shotime looked inside my dreams and just picked a bunch of random shit out of it to make a show: Sheen, Caplan, sex, period pieces, retro science and sex."""
"""shearnut, that you may be correct, I do not like people who want to destroy America. :)"""
"""What an honor to be able to see you so 'up close and personal' .............. I will be counting the sleeps,  If I had a tail ..................... I would wag it  :-)"""
"""Truthincaps for you to understand.  Just a second, doctor, a patient for you in Gaza."""
"""Any chance they served deep fried anything on a stick at this event?"""
"""LOTS OF FOULS . . . LOTS OF FREE THROWS MADE. . . . COMIN' UP!"""
"""I will fuck the shit outta of judge Judy have her hollering ""order"" ""order"" ""order"""""
"""Â If you take out the fags and booze and such like, leaving sayÂ  Â£170 per week say and then recognise that they are feeding 8 people then that doesn't seem too extreme (Â£3 or so per day per person).I've no sympathy though because they should be spending their money more wisely given their circumstances."""
"""Fuck Toygers I want a Mutini"""
"""First off...you do NOT need to be married to make end of life decision, or purchase health insurance together.  So basically you just want to file a joint tax return??Look, read any of my posts, I am for equal rights for all citizens.  But it pisses me off when you have to make up phony benefits just to explain to some simpleton, religious nut, why you should also have the right to be married.Marriage is an institituion of the church...so why gays who are so hated by the church...would want to get married is beyond me.  But it should be their right.  A human being is a human being...period!"""
"""@caljb7 i'm on AAC then ya dumb fuck"""
"""More run support = more confidence when pitching = better results."""
"""What did they expect when they ask miming quees "" Ms.Cole"" to appear.  Did they think the rating was going to improve. I just think the judges  arent very good and people are getting bored of these talent shows. Its  the same thing over and over again."""
"""It probably was a white guy high on drugs who looked Asian with his eyes half way closed."""
"""They cant beat spanish players so they are trying these cheap shots..."""
"""I admire him, he is a true warrior king of old.The difference between a general and a warlord is that a general only follows orders, a warlord is only constrained by the rules he agrees to.It was a pathetic joke that Obama was given an honorary black belt in Taekwondo without earning it. Putin is a better man than that... your standards of measuring a man (even an adversary) is as pathetic.No, I think Putin is more honest than you will admit."""
"""The M25 struggles to cope with airport traffic. Tube connections are not useful for all travellers.The infrastructure can't cope now!"""
"""It's just you smelling your armpits again. GO back to your nails"""
"""God does not fuck."""
"""smearedsxhit, what does the phrase below mean?  I'm just (after all) a 'stupid teabagger, and you are a more intelligent corn filled Obamaballsniffer, so please explain this:""....I give Fox Nation 3 more weeks.Then it's off to stormfront for the baggers.""What is 'stormfront?'  Because, that is the same term 'Berthole' used last night when he/she/it was lurking on another thread.  Could this mean that you are berthole, lindie and smellyterd!!!  All rolled into one ignorant pieceofppppoop?"""
"""Do you realize how retarded, ignorant, sorry, and pathetic you sound?"""
"""Are you saying a woman's right to vote was revoked after 1920?"""
"""It's a quote people...chill the fuck out -.-"""
"""Substantiate your slur....or should we talk about the bi-sek'sual in the WH?  Don't you think the name Larry Sinclair should be included in your internet 'whispering' campaign?"""
"""damn i need to stop regarding fuckign tvspot"""
"""Wally the bigot, and  cmorris the racist. The new faces of ignorance for the new south. No matter how often they wash their black sheet, it will still carry the smell. Good luck guys, and all those like you. God has a special section for you to sit in when you arrive and your resting spot."""
"""Thanks for demonstraing the idiocy of the bigot. I'm not gay, but support gay marriage. Try and compute that one, dimwit. Your birth certifictae was an apology from the condom factory."""
"""Where on your body are you planning on getting it?"""
"""You have my permission to leave."""
"""Romney's track record in elections is not particularly good when he comes face-to-face with effective politicians and campaigners (as opposed to has-beens and laughingstocks).Given how Rubin demeaned Gingrich and Santorum during the primaries, she can't really see Romney's nomination as some great achievement."""
"""I would rather some one with ""blood money""(although the you tube was with out merit) than someone with blood already on their hands like Obama."""
"""You sir are not intelligent"""
"""Hey moron ""William Reynolds"", impeach YOURSELF and then go kiss a Muslim like your hero Bush."""
"""I will buy one of these thing today. they look so fucking awesome. They better not fuck with the Version and just keep ONE."""
"""You are joking, yes??"""
"""I would slap you silly but clearly you are already there."""
"""Really Joe?  I don't recall anywhere in the ""All My Children"" storyline where little boys were raped and sodomized...refresh my memory please...But I guess you'd know all about children, since you impregnated a 16 year old in the past wouldn't you?  You're as much a pos as your sicko client..........."""
"""i dont care. I will never agree with you. In a few years we will know. Wait it out"""
"""This report on the same subject is also confusing, but slightly less so: http://www.maannews.net/eng/ViewDetails.aspx?ID=490378"""
"""@Enundr lol.....You sir, are a jackass. wipe the tears from your eyes and move on. Mass Effect sucks."""
"""http://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/Vigilant Bet your glad you didn't have the balls to use your real name. You look like such a dumb ass now (check vigilant bonuses on that link)"""
"""Hey lawmanjed, don't let the trolls get to you -- they get off on being intentionally irrational because they know that you expect them to be rational.Just step over them."""
"""Oooooooo, they might get Michael More on us. Great! He's about due for a stroke/coronary about now anyway. If Fox caused it, even better. Besides, isn't he a one percenter with his mansion and big ass-ets? """
"""One thing I've learned in 3+years. People that make childish plays on Obama's name or call him things such as the Messiah are really pea-brains."""
"""Hey Queeny...if you are litterate, which I doubt being into PCP and chit homie, read Zimmermans Police File with the Orange County Clerk of Courts:http://myclerk.myorangeclerk.com/CaseDetail.aspx?CaseID=5797428"""
"""Get I life u bitch!!!avande ammede oru lekhanam..."""
"""This country is broke.Â  Economy is in a tank.Â  People are unemployed.Â  All New Jersey's Senate cares about is Gay Marriage.Â  Can gay Marriage fix this country economy ?Â  Can gay marriage stimulate jobs in New Jersey ?Â  Can Gay Marriage seriously benefit the general public of heterosexuals ?Â  """
"""Christ died for your sins.  if you do not sin, Christ died for nothing!"""
"""If someone were to write a parody of a left-wing psychopath, it would read an AWFUL lot like this post of yours."""
"""Why don't you give a sprinkling of your magic pixie dust?"""
"""It's clueless racists like you who are in complete denial. This boy WAS in fact killed because of his race. There is no ""race card"". So now that they mentioned race, you are no longer ""behind them""? You're as sick as the bastard who pulled the trigger."""
"""Wow if you can't get used to it then I don't know wtf to tell you. It should not be a surprise to see AKP post these things. You can choose not to click on it or if it's such an eyesore go to a different site for kpop news why don't you?You were directing your comment to the staff? Hm, ok sure. I don't see why you should post it on the comment section. And you don't know how many times I have to see comments about this article being useless. It's tiring and repetitive. So just contact the staff like you will if you're really annoyed."""
"""How old are you?"""
"""YOU STUPID SHIT! STOP SPAMMING! DELETE HIS PROFILE!!!"""
"""hahahahahaha snort hahahahahahahaha"""
"""The difference between your wife and a rooster HoldYourOwn? The rooster says cock-a-doodle doo, your mama says any-cock'll do."""
"""Dear Pingback, fuck you or using ""vidya"" It's stupid as shit and you're not fucking funny or part of a precious internet club GTFOThat goes with you Oldfag, only exception is that ""fag"" is overused. Die bitch"""
"""i got to admit he's hillarous with his facts"""
"""You are an arrogant bitch and what is wrong with  the World today, mostly caused by you pond life bankers!!!!!"""
"""I would comment on how confidently the Kings are moving the puck around, but having a 4 goal lead would tend to instill confidence in your game"""
"""FUCK YEAH, THE KILLING(is over)"""
"""oh my dongsaeng~~ you are an angel sent from heaven to make us nameless feel soooo good! kkk! thank you^^"""
"""Another worhless post from a worthless person."""
"""I love Cam Newton's upside, and think he'll be an All-Pro caliber QB, but 21 TD's and 17 Interceptions and NFL Network has him as the 10th best Heisman Winner to play in The NFL.  Tebow was also on that list.  ESPN had a problem with Tebow but never mentioned how stupid it was that a guy who had a ""decent"" year throwing the ball, for a bad team is suddenly on a list that Tim Brown is not on.  I'm so tired of ESPN hyping things up and blowing them way out of proportion, for better or worse."""
"""John, you need a female publisist...may I apply for this lifetime position in which I can attempt to enlighten you about our sex....you are soooo far away from ever finding a woman who will put up with your bullshit...where is your mother?  Time for you to have a talk with her...."""
"""you're right; there weren't enough toothpick hangovers and tailwhips... Go fuck yourself"""
"""and fuckface, in order to be situationally aware one would have to read the blog of last week in its entirety. from the point i called ew stupid and told many why they were wrong, till the point where u faggot started making separate threads discussing my trollness"""
"""yo DETEEEESTO esa actitud de ""NOOOO! ALEJATE, EL ES MIO D:!"" da fuck bro? Tan divertido que es sabrosearselos en grupo :cy lanzar frases de albañil"""
"""@Yitan @orpi yo tengo el LoL intalado y me parece tan aburrido nose porque lo juegan tantos :SS (cambio de tema perdon )"""
"""You fake Indian. Jadunath, Bana Singh, Karam Singh are not sikhs sorry I wont tell you - because you are an ignorant idiot. The last name singh is used by Rajputs, Jats from Rajasthan, Haryana UP and Bihar."""
"""No to be Liverpool manager you must be willing to defend the indefensible"""
"""Kindly explain WTF you are talking about..."""
"""The thing that realy scares me, is that we (and by we i mean our security services) have to be lucky 100% of the time. scum like this only have to get lucky once. And how do the Goverment respond? they open our borders to the world and let thoughs who hate us hide behind the (in)-human rights act. Time we acted a bit more like the U.S.A and remove or lock up for life. And i mean LIFE,  ANYONE who wishes to do us harm."""
"""Jeff Bootstraps Fisheris a troll.anyone feel free to add to what you think of him."""
"""1979 - 2012 the Iran revolution has run its course. The world will be better off with a democratic Iran"""
"""Â Stop suxing dik for cigarette money hole"""
"""Shows how much of a dumb-ass you are. Today she used The Globe as a source hahahahahahahahahaaaaa"""
"""@douglass: because arabs fight back with AK-47s while afro-american negro's complain alot & walk around with peace sign say crappy words with no action behind it like ""no peace no justice"". the reason way the whites pick on you negro's alot [like a bully at a high school] is because you're still a ""P"" to the klans from the south. WHITE POWER."""
"""Liberals don't want military intervention, you buffoon."""
"""you should get banned....you are a little bit psycho"""
"""LMAO.. You are another clueless moron....only liberal women are kept..they have the masters.."""
"""I bet you bitch like hell about you taxes too. Keeping people in jail is not cheap"""
"""@Lost Ones Did you see the interview? It was pretty good, he sort of shocked those guys back in the studio when he said that. They asked, ""we know you have the best record but are you the best team in the west?"" He answers, ""I think we're the best team in the league."" """
"""You really are a funny guy!"""
"""I'll just show them your comment history, and after they apologize to me, I'll make an appt. with my lawyer."""
"""If he comes back, we continue.:)"""
"""he was standing still during the last minute of the game when boston was ony 4 points ahead.Q U I T"""
"""This.Travis, Cornell, Boyce--all them nukkas--I will NEVER forget nor forgive them for showing their black asses out.  Fuck them today, fuck them tomorrow, fuck them forever."""
"""So if they look ""normal"" to you and they commit a crime, then what? I'm ""not on board."" You're ""way off."" Of all the ridiculous nonsense to base your judgment on someone by ""how they look."" I'm surprised you'd let people know how your ""thinking"" process works. Pretty pathetic, and part and parcel of the kind of nonsense that has surrounded this case from the very beginning."""
"""Frankly, I'm disgusted with Detroit Tiger fans [?] for their cruel treatment of a true Detroit citizen Brandon Inge...and I'll never forgive myself for posting anything on this site.  Am I ever happy for Brandon now, Adam Dunn too...everybody finds their own niche."""
"""can anyone say NDAA AND SURVEILLANCE DRONES, yup 20,000 of them in OUR SKIES in the next 5 years, SO THAT OUR GOVERNMENT CAN SPY ON US EVEN MORE!  DO THE IMBICILES WHO SUPPORT OBAMA KNOW THAT HE IS  LAUNCHING DRONES IN OUR SKIES TO SPY ON US?   I'll bet they don't, little do they know it's just the tip of the iceberg he is deconstructing our ENTIRE CONSTITUTION AND WAY OF LIFE!!! What freaking idiots! Go ahead you MORONS, vote him back in and you'll get what you deserve for YOUR STUPIDITY!"""
"""K K K or Nazi? I can't tell which disease you suffer from? Could you please blog some more?"""
"""Whops, I meant to say how CA EDD HASN'T screwed the pooch.. because they have, big time."""
"""In my opinion, the odds are that, prompted by Tel Aviv, the NeoCons, and Christian fundamentalists in the Pentagon, a Romney Administration will attack Iran and commence a hundred year global religious war which everyone will lose.Regional alliances, constant combat, and widespread poverty will not be unlike the conditions described by George Orwell in his book, ""1984."""""
"""How did you know"""
"""you are on to something there"""
"""I agree with u0648u0639u064au0634u0647 u0645u062au0648u0627u0636u0639u0647 but the rest is a little vague.Perhaps your point about u0648u0634u064au0639u064a u064au0633u064au0631 u0639u0644u0649 u062fu0631u0628 u0639u0644u064a needs a little expansion. Are you saying ALL the forces at work in syria pray to the same god? A jew god?Wow. good point."""
"""Look her CMYM is falling off ... This song was almost as wack as that Roman in Mosocow or that horrible Massive attack . Sad thing is she don't need the gimmicks . He 15 of fame is up .Wayne and them prepping lilttle Twist to get his Raz B role on . This dude dressed up like he about play house with his imaginary friend . He was looking extra fruity in that video wio with busta rhymes. Give the homothugs back their swag!!!!!Thhey Drake over here siging like the male Sade and doing hater anthems . They got a gant gang of cats that won't make a single penny off a single record cause nobody kno theses duded or they are plaain trash like ANT Dog , Lilttle CHUCKI, gudda gudda , Jae Mills and prolly a few bums wed don't know about on that booty label.... they prepping like Twist to be the next Rax b ...bet cha by gollywoll..... who's checking for GUDDA GUDDA ?? Ant Dog ?? Nobody ...Nicki will kill this labelwith the wackkness that she been dropping. DRAKE TRYING TO BE MALE sade . And glasses malone will NEVER drop a album off Cashmoney .. Bow Wow trying to fit in with a his trash....birdman won't stop rapping until his gold teeth fall out !!!! Plus I'm still tripping off skateboard bloods? Smh .. Tyga a soft cat too... when Jaemill and Glasses malone drop a album I will walk bearefoot on broked glass and feed myself to a alligator!"""
"""Turn to ESPN Classic if you got it now!Larry Bird about to be God again.17 seconds left in the game! ;)"""
"""Jing, I love this card!  Your coloring is spectacular!  Gorgeous white on white card!!!"""
"""Your mom is a mean hoe charging 200 for 15 dollar pussy."""
"""Okay, then use the word I not we. That way you are expressing your personal views. Thanks."""
"""you're a f-ing pos aren't you?  weak pathetic loser liberal turd. I suppose you kept your virginity until you were married right? or maybe you are still a virgin a s. e x. scares you....  maybe you are just a perfect holy roller, oh wait that can't be because YOU think holy rollers are all republicans... hmmmm  ok I'll bet you are just an id iot."""
"""she is in love with a coward just like Eva Braun was"""
"""Steve you are proof that agism lives, and that there is really no age range for dumb ignoramus.   LOL"""
"""True...but if you are around someone who abuses drugs contstantly and the drugs are always around and you feel hopeless because you married a loser like Bobby Brown and he treats you like crap you sure would be tempted...."""
"""So you believe in Syrian propaganda!hahahahaYou still make me laugh.Golden BS award for the gullible childish bigot of the week is yours again."""
"""It's fine to love those first two, just stay away from the third.  And don't smoke weed in your car.....I don't know why these guys don't get that.Either that, or use part of your $5m signing bonus on a cab."""
"""Phil: You ignorant impolite, rude slut. Go F**K Yourself.  Exercising freedom of expression, which you apparent;y are against unless it concurs with your outdated view of the world."""
"""No G Goon was right, you're an idiot, plain and simple!!!"""
"""Sounds like you're a scummy family."""
"""Notheism:  Are you serious? How can you say this is ""revenge"".  The rapist was caught in the ACT.  I understand your ignorance, but for god sakes, pick up a dictionary."""
"""The FBI,CIA,DOJ let 6 gaylords bury this country, Thet suck hot dogs"""
"""While it is normally hard to rejoin a serialized drama once you stop watching, nothing ever happened on this show. While it had a great cast and a refreshing atmosphere, this show was so slow that at times I thought it might be moving backwards. Two seasons could have easily been one. The episode is a day in the investigation idea was probably the shows biggest error."""
"""Fuck you."""
"""Is that the war we decided to lose, because the Kings Freemasons wrote the constitution, Act of Independence that never was and set the US up as a crown (not royal) corporation and is that why a relatively new CIA has its officers sware an oath to the Crown??lolThe poor Amerikan sheeple are really living and working in a Crown work camp anf now you might understand why Amerikans are probably the most isolated and narrow minded extreme thinkers on the planet"""
"""Awwww Harper is so cute, i feel sorry for victoria Beckham, they only print the picture's where she's not smiling because they have nothing else to print other than her frown, i dont blame her i think i'd frown if i was being followed around off paps all the time even tho it comes with the job it must get to ya."""
"""school lunches suck the big one and are the most unhealthy choices available... who do they think they are to try to tell anyone they have healthier lunches at school??? our school lunches are so ridiculously high in fat and sodium... not to mention processed foods are the majority of what they serve. I would never let my child eat school provided lunches unless they did a major overhaul! """
"""Go away you orrible little cretin"""
"""Funny you mention Kobe and Rape LMAO <br>"""
"""@DougEngland I don't get it either.Florio just said something to the effect that it was very calculated that Manning went to local media first; nothing specific about why WK, but since he had him on his show that day, it might have just been flattery. It was on PFT Live yesterday -- it's on iTunes or the PFT site. (Since he interviews WK, you might be happier not watching!)"""
"""That's funny, don't care who ya are!"""
"""LOL And you eat hot dogs (cow rectums).  LOL"""
"""What are you guys smoking?"""
"""Touche! Apparently, you don't know what an anology is!"""
"""Lots of women use it to burn body fat and improve skin quality.  but you don't get one injection, you get a daily injection over a course of 6 months"""
"""See, this is why it's a good idea to keep your religion to yourself. When you start expecting other people to believe as you believe, you look like an asshole.And we make fun of you. That's good for us, but not always for you"""
"""I'm the same way.  I am terrified of doing my own brows. I've seen way to many ladies w. fucked up eyebrows to go down that path."""
"""""pretty sure"" don't cut it pal.  Read his first book, published long before he dreamed of being president."""
""" yeah i bet you're a occupy fucking nigger!"""
"""I like Andys chances at the USO."""
"""JSMASTERgod youre retarded, the ENTIRE point of this article is to PROMOTE the movie to people so they go see it moron. Not SEEN.....SEE!!!and the pathetic pr!ck who posted the spoiler is an attention seeking beyond dumb loser who knew exactly what he was doing and posted it just to feel like he was special for once in his life because he got to see a movie a week before its released in the country the movie is made and where most people are going to see it!and FYI saying pathetic ""SPOILER"" doesnt make it okay genius, peoples would have immediately seen the giant R.I.P. even if they were trying to avoid itget a clue before speaking next time idiot"""
"""@smlombardi http://t.co/oJNGIj8g"""
"""You are playing right into it's game.  Ignore the vegemite and it will go away."""
"""How many commenters are you maliciously impersonating tonight, Jack White?  Every single time, Jake.  Every time you maliciously thieve another's identity on this site for the sole purpose of castigating their character, you will be called out on it.Jack Dale White---- ""DefeatObama"", ""Jake2"", ""JBoboJake"", ""JBoboJake5""--- is the paid political operative responsible for this filth.   He has maliciously stalked these boards for 3 years, libelously impersonating over 3 dozen individuals--- over 2,000 times--- to degrade and defame their characters and thieve their 1st Amendment rights in this forum.He impersonates ""Joe"" through:  http://disqus.com/guest/429500a5a54600958c9c7ac032a37f66/He impersonates me through Disqus profile:  http://disqus.com/guest/5345b08d618e3b24c28ba7f032e9ef1a/He impersonates Lloyd C through Disqus profile:http://disqus.com/guest/768cfabe0589899e2e5c769b742f1fb1He impersonates Gone Fishing through Disqus profile: http://disqus.com/guest/bf415db24b853866500228e3b7ed3050/He impersonates Party Of No Plans through Disqus profile:http://disqus.com/guest/b38e94fffb28f773740f3031ad23b519/He's impersonating Carl1 with Disqus profile:  http://disqus.com/guest/96c5fb8607cafbccfddb5df64c19cf9d/He impersonates Sam through:  http://disqus.com/guest/e14db5917a9a6b8db1e2b3b60a59ada5/He additionally creates hundreds, if not thousands, of fake personas to coat these boards with false right wing rage. Currently writing as ""President Obama"" through Disqus profile:  http://disqus.com/guest/fed4888d847809871fb723075c346c0b/As ""Moochelle Obama"" through:  http://disqus.com/guest/1ebc32c259d2b92db8558c827c2fef06/As ""Anti-Lib"" through: http://disqus.com/guest/16e0d64a56b87e28cd7f00ebf32cc1ec/As ""Not Jake or Jack"" through:  http://disqus.com/guest/7c1ff426e767c2e098e317fa8446755d/As ""Monica""  through:  http://disqus.com/guest/ae869fcb762589d1990f77ec79086493/Please call or email The Hill's Comment Moderator, Mr. Emmanuel Touhey, to INSIST that The Hill finally stand by the Terms and Conditions that they established to guide the rules for order here--- which Mr. White has outright said he will NEVER follow unless prosecuted by law.While the defamation case progresses against him, please call or email the moderator to get Mr. Jack Dale White evicted from this site for all that he has done to burn this site's dignity to the ground.Emmanuel Touhey, Comment Editor(202) 628-8500emmanuel.touhey@thehill.comAnd the lawyer to whom The Hill egregiously throws all complaints about Mr. White in order to avoid having to deal with them: Mr. Jeremy Feigelson(212) 909 6000jfeigelson@debevoise.com""All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing.""               u2013 Edmund BurkeDO something."""
"""my screen is stuck in the black screen help somebody"""
"""Why is it that you don't kill yourself you stupid fascist puppet?"""
"""Hey Brazile, Romney is a successful businessman who knows how to create jobs and make businesses viable Obama is a failed president who flushes trillions in tax payers money down the crapper and to his cronies in failed stimulus and failed green energy scams..."""
"""Get the fuck out of my comment section you samurai jack lookin muthafucka."""
"""And the two posts below just proved out your first sentence."""
"""£220 billion - well at least we covered the cost of the bonuses.If anyone - yes, anyone including anyone off the dole - had invested £220 billion at a modest 5% they would have earned £5.5 billion. Now remind me what Bob Diamond made to justify his £10 million salary?Our banking system is a ponzi scam."""
"""Why don't you just ignore this"""
"""you are a asshole for putting addicts down!!! why bash us!!! at least we have an excuse wats urz jackass!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"""shut up idiot go back to listening your chunti musicmy parents are entrepreneurs who make millions a yearmy rooms costs more than all of your families homesoh wait, they do not own anything!!"""
"""did anyone else shit themselves after 1:37?"""
"""Type your comment here.sfsdfasdfsad"""
"""you are just jealous. You and your friend don'tknow nothing about them."""
"""Forget about gta v, where the fuck is Agent"""
"""A couple of greedy, non-appreciative hos!"""
"""Apparently you think Barrack is doing a bang up job ! Â The fact that he inherited a sick economy brought on by the democrats, Â and has spent over a trillion a year to make it Â WORSE Â has escaped you !"""
"""Park is recognized and should go to bed."""
"""..............RON PAUL....is SCARY WRONG......"""
"""WE ALL KNOW THEM JESUS FREAKS ARE THE BIGGEST FREAKS IN THE WORLD! (SEXUALLY)"""
"""Remove your white hood so we can see your face, Bubba!"""
""">A fully reserved Tyranid army built right can indeed exploit the current Internet meta lists.How? You make this claim several times but don't present any kind of strategy, evidence, or anything else. How are you ""exploiting the meta""? How does the army deal with mechanized lists and mobile armies?>The long answer is yes but it will require near perfect play and some degree of luck.Why do you feel that a reserve army with perfect play/good luck can beat top tier lists, but other armies cannot? What makes it more effective in this regard?>I've also noticed that kill points are not often chosen as a primary objective at other events such as those that use the P/S/T formatI can't speak for your experience, but most such events that I've seen have three objectives that are randomly allocated priority, making KP no more or less common than the others. Moreover, giving up KP is hardly the main disadvantage of the list; others rank much more significantly.> Note that roughly 75 percent of your army should arrive during the second turn:| Math, huh?>Many of the units in my army are fast due to fleet so I can quickly redeploy much of my army as the game progressesFleet doesn't make you any faster than anything else. Other infantry can Run, and tanks are flat-out faster than you thanks to being able to move 12"" automatically rather than hoping for a good roll.> Imperial Guard armies heavily rely upon their Chimeras to protect their scoring units so you want to prioritize targeting their transports...Again, how do you actually kill transports? The lists you present usually feature very little AT. Your Zoanthropes and Trygon are the only units that will be able to consistently kill tanks.>At the end of the day though the results are the sameâ??no major wins for Tyranids in fifth edition at any big events and I don't believe that is going to change while fifth edition is still in effect.Entirely true- at this point, I don't think that Tyranids are likely to take any major events, as too many factors are stacked against them. It's not impossible to win with them, but especially in environments where mech lists are common they will struggle. So do you really think that your own list is going to be able to achieve this- that you'll get ""near perfect play and some luck"" six or seven games in a row against other skilled generals to actually win a top spot? """
"""Are you watching a Quantum Leap marathon?"""
"""Go to hell you old bastard"""
"""We need a government, for the people, by the people."""
"""At least you're sticking to your guns.<br>"""
"""It was his idiot parents, idiot."""
"""Anytime liberal parrots come here claiming that Fox News isnâ??t fair and balanced I want to ask who CNN, MSNBC, the N Y Times or any over the air liberal news outlets have as conservative commentators or contributors. Fox employs many liberals, lets have a look;ã??1 Juan Williams (a senior news analyst for NPR from 1999 to 2010)ã??2 Alan Colmes (his vitriolic liberal bigotry only outdone in the liberal arena by Keith Olbermann)ã??3 Kirsten Powers (Democratic political analyst and former Anthony Weiner flame)ã??4 Shepard Smith (stays pretty well on the fence and is reportedly gay according to OUT magazine and other sources)ã??5 Geraldo Rivera (positively the most apologetic contributor for the plight of illegal immigrants on any network)ã??6 Mara Laisson (national political correspondent for NPR)ã??7 Bill Schulz (Red Eyeâ??s token gay guy)ã??8 Susan Estrich (campaign manager for Michael Dukakis)ã??9 Ed Henry (he was the White House correspondent at CNN)ã??10 Bob Beckel (worked for Robert Kennedyâ??s and Walter Mondaleâ??s Presidential campaigns and was Deputy Assistant for Secretary of State for Jimmy Carter)ã??11 Tamara Holder (famously claimed Rick Perry wants to kiII babies)ã??12 Sally Kohn (former â??community organizerâ?? as well as a Senior Campaign Strategist with the Center for Community Change, a George Soros funded organization where she served as co-Director)ã??13 Jehmu Green (served as an advisor on Senator Hillary Clinton's 2008 presidential campaign and worked for Secretary of State Clinton, was a former National Director of Project Vote and co-founded Define American, an immigration reform organization)ã??14 Doug Schoen (worked on the presidential campaigns of Democrats Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton and mayoral campaign for Ed Koch)ã??So liberals, where are the conservative counterparts on YOUR preferred networks? """
"""ah, the same way you hate white people. Don't try to act so innoccent."""
"""money diggin bitch !! she looks like a rat"""
"""Yeah life a programmer behind the keyboard do me a favor no really I really need you to do me a favor alot of people think diffent than you do but since you want to come out your face tough computer screen guy do me a favor and suck my dick ok no beat it cock sucker.Doc"""
"""you is shit"""
"""even if the bucks won the nba, they wouldnt catapult past the bulls in popularity"""
"""Damn straight my friend, if it's not the judges own daughter then he does'nt care, if it had been mine or yours there would be a very steep penalty to pay! There is one thing I admire bout Muslim laws, no f' ing around, ind the nearest wall or tree!"""
"""I'd rather have an old, straight white guy than the stupid fcking zebra we have now....everything he touches turns toshit............"""
"""@christopher m there are lots of animals in trouble"""
"""i believe the vikings offered Gurley a roster spot last season. he choose to stay on the GB practice squad. im no pro scout but if another nfl team wants to sign him, he may have potential"""
"""You were born a bald-headed freak."""
"""Rob...you're one pathetic asshole...and ""libs"" aren't responsible for that."""
"""Moronic statement pea brain.  There is no pledge to be respectful to the commander in chief.  I was still in, am retired, when that trash just about starved us out of the militaryâ?¦â?¦that was after voting for him. Clueless libtard."""
"""You're missing the point of the post, Chester.  I am not claiming to be a manager; I am just pointing out that it's premature for Hodgson to say his critics are all wrong as if we've sussed it. We haven't."""
"""Beautiful, freecheese, just beautiful!A poetic verse of knowledge and wisdom - it should be posted in the Congressional chambers."""
"""Go away, Flora.  Take your spam with you.  And if you MUST comment, thendon't steal words from other posts.SPAM ALERT   Flag her post."""
"""She can spew 'True Lies' because DemonCrats are Fuckin' Retarded, and she knows it. They'll take what she or President Kardashian says at face value."""
"""OOOOOOOOOOOO...... OH.........ooooooooooooo.....Do your little wrists flap when you post? HUH?    Hmmmmmm?"""
"""madonna is the world's best singerr for everrrrrrrr and everrrrrr go fuck yourself you stupid ugly copy cattttt billboard listed madonna #2 only after the beatles the gretest singer of all time so gaga and little monsters go fuck yourselvesss ha ha ha ha youre copy cat will never reach any thing like this ha ha ha ha"""
"""You are a sad, ignorant, pitiable fuck.I take that back.  You're not worthy of pity."""
"""That guy is a real fuckstick."""
"""Jason terry and manu ginobli comes off the bench but there the 2nd best players on there team so whats your point?"""
"""Ah, but when you go into the PS you don't have to option or DFA the guys you aren't going to use. You just don't use them, and they're still available to you for trades in the off season, when the type of players we've got to spare will have better trade value."""
"""Kevin: And Alessandra, being a pedophile is not a form of normal sexuality.Â  Plenty of heterosexuals are pedophiles.Â  pedophilia, like rape, is about power not sex. ========================================================Kevin, look up the word sexuality, because if you think it does not relate to different sexual dynamics, you are completely mistaken about its meaning. Pedophilia is a deformed and dysfunctional kind of sexuality. Moreover, every sexuality and relationship dynamics involves power issues. You are just blind to this most basic fact that every human relationship has power issues at its core.Â It's obvious you come from a very mediocre public school to believe a stupid irrational statement such as your last one is actually smart (Â  ""pedophilia, like rape, is about power not sex"" ). Liberals like you just don't want to face how many sexually deformed people there are in society."""
"""@SaintMarty Kovachoo was playing tonight?"""
"""it won't be as dramatic as that... I mean we england fans who go to   Poland have been given the safest guarantee that we won't stay long   there anyway, after the first round we'll all be back to England with   our team of heroes who battled and fought but were just unlucky. LOL"""
"""How do you account for the well thought out plans being pursued in Germany today under the influence of green ministers in particular?  I think you are drawing a caricature - not very convincing."""
"""DO YOU BELIEVE THAT YOU ARE BETTER THAN FORAN? YOU LOST TO THEN 3 TIMES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"""@londonmum  Go out for another cigarette.  You are having nicotine withdrawal"""
"""Really, you do a one time 100K fund raiser and your comparing it to skipit55....... are you really that stupid.....  Do the math!  What a moron, your so proud of yourself: ""Did they do that?"".  Yes and they still are adding to it."""
"""Lucky that these COWARDS were caught ! Shame on them and shame on thier family and friends who helped them. There is one place for criminals like these GTMO!"""
"""Â Â WOWWhat a fact filled thought provoking well reasoned rebuttal.You sure disproved my post word for word.In fact you changed my opinion on gay marriage./sarcasm off"""
"""The only fun games for Kinect are Dance Central or some mindless party game when you have people over and you are all drinking.  Nothing else about Kinect is fun."""
"""Â Are you serious?Â  Breaking and entering, assault and battery, rape.Â  Endangering an infant.Â  That guy should be put away for good."""
"""You are a piece of shit mr e=mc2!!   I hope you get shot in the face next time you and your fellow gang members break into someone else house.  SCUMBAG!!!"""
"""No, it's because your liberal Messiah is SUCH a monumental LOSER!"""
"""Are you retarded faggot?? lolIf you are blind and dont use widgets, then that doesnt mean everyone else doesn't use them. Widgets is one of the reasons people like android and prefer it agains iOS. You can have any types of widgets, for weather, seeing your twitter and stuff .. and on ios you scroll like an idiot like a minute, and when you finally found the apps you still have to click a couple of times before you see what you need.Android 2:0 iOS ;]"""
"""Come back to reality, Barry wasn't mentioned in the article. You're seeing ghosts that aren't there."""
"""Ya well thanks to you posting that I lost a big reply I was making to 2veritas2. lol Such a stupid forum."""
"""Regardless. They can't ban you for something other people are doing."""
"""fucking russians"""
"""Hey all,u2028I scream like a b!tch because my daddy has his balls up my ass.If I can sound like a bigger p-ssy drip, let me know, since I'm too fcking stupid to understand when everyone called me a litlle b-tch for talking stupid about Kelly Thomas. I hijack a screen name and post as GROWAPAIR, LOL losersu2028.u2028I'm Boyle Heights Citizen--THE ORIGINAL INTERNET PUS$Y, here with never anything to say but to be a brain dead ass breath, I will lick the ass of anyone who calls me GROWAPAIR, he called me out as the ball sniffing chicken punk I am, so I hijack his screen name to show I'm a lowlife sh-thole loser hiding with my daddy's balls up my ass."""
"""You are such a creep.  Go back to cooking."""
"""Ron Paul isn't looking to ""win"" the nomination.Â  He is trying to get enough delegates so that he can gain a seat on and have some influence over the GOP platform committee.Â  Like his supporters, he would like to see his budget plan adopted as the GOP budget plan.Â  It will save $1 trillion in the first year alone and pay our debt off in less than a decade instead of the centuries the status quo parties want. He wants the NDAA repealed, which will return our 4th, 5th, and 10th Amendment rights to ALL Americans.Â  He wants the failing unConstitutional departments and agencies phased out and the power of those agencies and departments returned to the states where they rightfully belong.Â  Not only do those states already have duplicates of those departmentsÂ and agencies up and running, they had them before the feds ever stuck their noses into theÂ business the ConstitutionÂ clearly states belongs to the states, but the state run departments and agencies were not only successful, they are far cheaper to run.Â  Ron Paul also believes that the number one job of the federal government is to provide the military protectionÂ for common defense of all the states.Â  He would like to see military pay raised so that a large section of the non-comÂ personnel don't fall in the category of qualifying for food stamps and welfare, but aren't allowed to receive it because they are ""government personnel.""Â  He wants our weapons and technology brought up to and maintained as the best in the world.Â  He believes that congress must DECLARE war before our military can be sent into harm's way, instead of having some idiot like odumbo go to the UN to get their blessing to blow billions on an unConstitutional w a r - Libya.Â  He want the US out of the UN and the UN out of the US.Â  The UN is more corrupt than Chicago politics and costsÂ American taxpayers even more.Â  TheÂ Un is the most anti American organization in the world.Â  The billions of $$$'sÂ we send them every year go straight into the pockets of the corrupt diplomats and the dictators who send them to the UN.Â Â That is what Ron Paul is hoping to achieve with his candidacy.Â  Why don't you do a little research on Ron Paul instead of swallowing the status quo parties' BS lies they've been spewing.Â Â """
"""jay is a bitch w no clue fuck that weak nigga. he probably got slept like that before"""
"""He also identified the unit that took out Ben Laden.  When asked, in 1942, where the aircraft that bombed Japan, in the Doolittle Raid, came from FDR answered, ""Shangri La.""  President Obama should also have side stepped the questiong."""
"""The british public are something else, wanting that fame hungry bottom feeder back on the panel, i dont doubt the near death experience she had in labour has made her some kind of public sweetheart now..."""
"""A u010dou017ee ona nemala papuu010du, tak ho mala mlátiu0165 parohami."""
"""I think this could be a very interesting twist.  This has never been done before."""
"""....oh fuck what an amazing cock its soooooooo dam big and a perfect foreskin one of the best dicks Ive ever seen"""
"""If you mention, readers will come."""
"""Our concern is the deception and lack of candidness. Accuser Larry Sinclair, challenged Obama to submit to a polygraph test. Barack H U S S E I N Â Obama refused. What would happen if Barack H U S S E I N Â Obama is gay and he is blck mailed? It could jepardise the security of the US!"""
"""Envy is not an American Value.I saw the article as well as others talking about obama's budget containing roughly $2 trillion dollars in new taxes and fees.Â  It got me thinking about how many billionaires we'd have rape to pay that - yes rape is the correct word; forcibly taking from people who'd legally earned the money they were still supposedly allowed by law to own.Â  If we took every single copper penny from how many billionaires....how many would it take to come up with a total equivalent to the $2 trillion dollars.Â  So I started adding up the wealth as reported in Forbes 400 ""The Richest People in America"".Â  It's more than I counted.If we took every single penny of money from America's top 114 wealthiest Americans, we would only make it up to $1 trillion dollars.Â  That sounds like a very few number of people totaling a very large amount of money.Â  But what if we doubled the number of billionaires to, say, 227?Â  That would only take the total to just under $1.3 trillion dollars (we're down to the just barely billionaires at that point).So I guess the point I'm trying to makes is if obama was able to redistribute the total wealth of the top 227 richest people in America, took every single penny they owned, it still would be almost a trillion dollars short of the amount of taxes and fees he is asking to levy onto ""the richest people in America"", those ugly ""millionaires and billionaires"".Â  Folks, where do you think the other trillion is coming from?Envy is NOT an American Value.Â  I would have loved to have been born into one of those rich families; or have come up with the neatest widget craze; or started a software revolution in my garage.Â  But I didn't - and I hold no grudge against those who did.Those top 227 rich people didn't steal that money from me and I damned sure don't want it stolen from them under the guise of redistributing it for the good of others."""
"""YO MORON,&nbsp; GET YOUR POPPY COCK BACK TO BED, ITS 330 IN THE MORNING , NOBODY WITH ANY INTELLIGENCE IS GONNA SIT HERE AT 3 AM AND LISTEN TO YOU WHINE WHILE SMOKING YOUR CRACK AND LICKING POSTAGE STAMPS WITH DEAD DRUG ADDICTS ON THEM WHILE YOU LOSE ANOTHER 3.2 BILLION THIS MONTH,&nbsp; GET A LIFE OR JUST ADMIT THAT YOU ARE DENYING A VILLAGE SOMEWHERE OF AN IDIOT.&nbsp; BRILLIANT!"""
"""espn ranked him #1 best player in nba"""
"""Once again I give a ""tip of the fuckyou hat"" to Faux ""News"".  So, we can comment only on articles that you see to be appropriate?????"""
"""Thank you for your interest in the MIZZOU brand, kU fans.  You're so over us.  We get it."""
"""@JasonHairyDawg Why arent we doing this if it is an option?   Our schollys are 99 percent of the time good for four years anyways and it seems like it would be a huge advantage to us in recruiting over the likes of ALabama, SC, and others."""
"""Cheney,Rush,Nugent.The list is endless."""
"""Good man! If you're going to do something wrong do it right! People say that swearing suggests a limited vocabulary, I swear like a sailor on leave and I speak 9 languages with some degree of fluency, at least it's not a national scandal over someone saying 'bugger' or something pre-watershed. A good hefty expletive now and again on TV brightens it up"""
"""Shut the fuck up you ignorant troll"""
"""Cadge me a fin. I'll pay you back."""
"""noone forced you to stay there when the burnouts were happening"""
"""bitch stfu u fuckin clown"""
"""SADDAM WAS INSTALLED BY THE US. He was even encouraged to attack Iran, which lead to the 9 year long Iran-Iraq war which caused over 1.5 million deaths you lying sack of....!!!! And regardless of how much better the Shah was than today's regime it doesn't change the fact that he was a F'in dictator installed by the US and he was kept in charge by CIA trained secret service!! If it wasn't for US meddling Iran wouldn't even have an Islamic regime today. Like most other asinine things the US has ever done, their dictatorial plans backfired and caused the entire population of Iran to become hostile towards the US. And no one is regretting Mubarak's leave, only islamophobes like you do. As for the Taliban, the US government knew ***damn well how savage they were!!"""
"""Ky, come on man, the leading returning senior WR has 16 catches........."""
"""""isane""? Republicans want to cut funding for education. You must like that idea..."""
"""FUCKOFFashreduxagain...you know full well Obama is abusing his power. Prosecutorial discretion is based on an exception one on one basis as they come up. To hand out blanket amnesty to pander to the hispanic vote and then try to hide behind this executive power is abuse and YOU KNOW IT!!"""
"""""You are racist.""Jamele Hill"""
"""It's an immutable fact of life that when politicians and their ""civil"" servants,  who have never even run a lemonade stand,  decide they ""like"" something that:1. The alleged BENEFITS are grossly INFLATED2.  The alleged COSTS are grossly DEFLATEDBecause it's GREAT to spend other peoples money which is confiscated by an act of parliament."""
"""coming on here to hate? get a fucking life this is straight fire you dont like it your a pussy"""
"""One has to remember that all the people were adults.Â Â Most of Â these ""poor"" stars that are at risk are adults.Â  I do not feel sorry for any of them that have all that money and wish to blow it on drugs while many of the rest of us are trying to make ends meet.Â  You can say they were adicted but I am sure in most cases noone held a gun to their heads while they held a crack pipe to their lips.Â  We as a nation spend too much time worrying about these spoiled individuals.Â  Just sayin"""
"""Problem is we are loosing our choices due to beurocracy. islamisten do not have a bureaucracy they just act and organize later boy we are killing ourselves and we dont knowit"""
"""Its kind of frightening knowing dbags like you exist."""
"""NO BC, No greencard.  NO SOUP FOR YOU!!!!!!"""
"""fuck you all to hell"""
"""Credit 2 the photographer ,4 using a wide angle lens 2 get his ears on the photo....."""
"""Please reply about Israel's nuclear weapons. Do you deny that they exist"""
"""Me acordé de éste:http://profile.ak.fbcdn.net/hprofile-ak-snc4/161968 314983278564179 1189018131 s.jpg"""
"""IF THE DIRECTER CAST RANBIR KAPOOR FOR BLOODY VEER - THEN THEY SHOULD CHANGE THE NAME - FROM BLOODY VEER TO BLOODY FUCKER BECOS RANBIR IS A BLOODY FUCKER - YES RANBIR KAPOOR TAKE VIRGIN BLOOD OF A VIRGIN GIRL  - LIKE A VAMPIRE BUT - HE ALWAYS TAKE A VIRGIN GIRLS BLOOD - NOT FROM HER NECK BUT TAKE IT BY FUCKING HER VIRGIN HOLE(VAGINA) ...............................RANBIR ( DHELA CHARECTER ) KAPOOR SIMPLY ENJOY - FUCKING VIRGIN HOLE AND ENJOY TO WATCH THE VIRGIN BLOOD WHICH CAME OUT FROM THAT VIRGIN HOLE..........................................POOR GIRLS.....................................................SO I THINK -BLOODY FUCKER IS THE PERFECT NAME FOR THIS FILM..................IF THEY CAST THIS BLOODY KHANDANI FUCKER(RANBIR KAPOOR)..........................ALL THE BEST FOR THE FILM."""
"""Most bankruptcies take months or years to resolve.  GM's took a few days."""
"""I don't get. This  me in the video and I don't understand what me sucking my thumb has to do with daddy issues. I think just a bad habit. That I enjoy doing. A lot ppl have them probably most of you commenting on this video. So FUCK all you hoes lol."""
"""You need to shut your pie hole and go away. You suck."""
"""i think liam you should watch pat condell and maybe learn abit more about this faith......................."""
"""god, get rid of the shitty tattoos and piercings, another decent girl ruined !and she's not even from LA and got it tatted lol what a fuckin loser !"""
"""Interesting story on the Canadian prime minister's reaction to a nude painting done of himhttp://www.iol.co.za/the-star/art-helps-to-expose-the-naked-truth-1.1305811"""
"""I have never seen Mike so genuinely messed up before. Here, I'll bring closure:The core problem is that Prometheus does NOT bring any new or interesting ideas. However, it promises from the start that it 'will', but it obviously fucking doesn't.And that's where your current state of confusion stems from. Psychologically, you haven't left the theater yet, and are waiting for it to ""finish"". But you have (and will) in a few days come to grips with the fact that the movie is over, and that it was an empty, hollow piece of crap.And I just mentioned the core problem. I didn't even touch the nonsensical plot, the nonsensical characters, and so on."""
"""Hey idiot, your caps lock is ON"""
"""@meiguorenzaizhongguo I make no sense?! R u kiddin me?! Stick it to u're opinion, ok, respect that, but it make any sense that u're answer every damn post here...u cant change my opinion koz i just need it as every 32.000 as well sooooo, u got the point...u're mission here is to shit on other people and not accepting their opinion, wish etc. Calm the fuck down...!"""
"""Roman caught my attention last year at the ims, the shame is his bikes get mixed in with a bunch of busa's with extended swing arms and airbrush jobs. His level of fab work, fit and finish can compete with any other full customs ive seen and deserves the respect of any other bike builders he just choses a differnt canvas """
"""Welcome to the crowd fellow idiot."""
"""@hoconnor208  Love it! Dirty Harry and the Chicago Thug against the pasty fat boy!""This .357 could blow your head clean off."""
"""Â Its a good thing the Republicans are licking Obama's feet."""
"""atm55....your words are those truly of an ignorant person"""
"""I just Laugh at some of you trolls saying Weaver faked it. It just shows how little you know about baseball or sports in general. I bet you have never even picked up a baseball in your life"""
"""At the beginning of the season if you send him down, no one will pick him up. No one violates that rule."""
"""@gsj2001@jloomis3 I dunno- I heard he was a real bitch as an editor."""
"""""If that same person were a Republican fundraiser, you and the media would be over it like flies to a pile of horse poop.""A Republican fundraiser doesn't know how to have sex, much less do a striptease."""
"""Oh at least the military WORK for their money how about all those on public assistance who won't work, don't work who just suck America dry collecting their welfare checks.Â  Why can't we cut them?"""
"""My balls fucking itch."""
"""The name jacker is such an idiot"""
"""They got it before Carter turned Iran over to the radical mudslimes."""
"""STFU, Cause you are not talking to Roger and Roger definetely didn't make those comments. Those comments were made by some random idiot who made up a fake twitter account or some random idiot who hacked into Roger's twitter account. Do you really think a man of Roger's position will make those hatefull coments ?"""
"""So they refuse to retract a letter- based on a lie- from the guy they hate- for lying to the American people? That is disturbing, dishonest, sleazy behavior on the part of Judson Phillips and is one reason I don't personally call myself a Tea Party member. If they keep this up, they will be a bigger joke to the left then ever and sadly a smear on conservatives values."""
"""1) 2) 3) 4) 5) 6)  stop with the stupid numerical stats, just admit it you wanna pork Wade!!!!!!"""
"""And the Heat shot 5-25 on 3's and still won by 14. So let's not act like the Heat played at their best either.."""
"""THE TOMBSTONE....... THE HEARSE....... THE STAKE PIES .......ARE ORDERED...OH WELL IT WAS GOOD WHILE YOU LASTED......LMFAO.....HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA"""
"""Those on the inside made more money while most investors took it in the shorts.  Ever feel like someone is pulling the strings?"""
"""i'll give her more credit than i will any other right whinger.  she stands by her stupid, racist, moronic, ignorant, hateful, idiotic, bilious, cretinous comments and doesn't try to blame someone else.  hey espinosa, hope you don't fall down a well."""
"""It's pretty meaningful when it is the highest ranking government official, but there is no shortage of additional examples.  Take a normal high school with an approximately 50% white and 50% black student body as an example.  Go look in the lunch room.  You will see whites and blacks sitting with their own much more often than not.  Most serious conflicts will be divided along racial lines.  Racial preferences are also reflected in where people choose to live.  There is an affluent black community in my region because affluent blacks often choose to live among other affluent blacks.  They should not be blamed for it.  It is natural for people to want to associate with people who are like themselves.  People's desire to associate with their own kind is not just a national trend.  It is a characteristic of human nature which has existed for many thousands of years all over the earth."""
"""more like he turn yo ass into a carnival ride, you already look like you take dick in the ass in that homo ass picture of yours."""
"""ANYBODY AND I MEAN ANY MOTHERFUCKER WHO CONFUSES BILL PULLMAN WITH BILL PAXTON IS A FUCKING IMBECILE BENEATH CONTEMPT"""
"""Have any one ever seen dude in a fuck flick?  I wonder if he fucks around or not.  All I see him in are jerk off flicks."""
"""@dale0987654321 @TinaDexler NUMBER FIFTEEN, LOL"""
"""shisui was born after tobi gave nagato the rinnegan......so thats a hopeless case."""
"""you are sickening and pathetic !!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"""@jwoude23  @Rourke needs to give me a fucking like eh i never got into them. i'm waiting for Lollipop Chainsaw to drop in price that game looks so bad it has to be great"""
"""@Ar RIHANNA you will regret it if you dont lol"""
"""@Dan tm But he's so ugly!"""
"""Don't really care if she's a billionaire's daughter (so is Lady Gaga btw- for those of you who think she identifies w/ ur struggle!), the SNL performance was definitely off - she looked nervous, terrified in fact, and I don't blame her! The kind of audience that SNL has, I would be peeing in my panties on that stage! Even Marilyn Manson admits to puking from nerves befor live shows when he was fresh on the scene....Â  Bottom line is this:Â  I heard the song, I liked it, I downloaded the rest of them and I love her style.Â  fake lips and all, I think it works for her and like my boss said ""She made it to your playlist, so..."""""
"""Apparently you are too stupid to even watch a video and get it right. For your desperately needed information, Reagan was interrupted 27 seconds into his statement. The statement was clearly not over for another 20 seconds.You have irrefutably proven that you can't get facts straight even when you have a video in front of your retarded face. Thanks for proving me right."""
"""That and 3.50 will get you a cup of coffee at Starbucks"""
"""Go Rox!....Make it 3 in a row tonight!"""
"""then you are a Thief Justice apologist Pabaon General !"""
"""Your are an idiot"""
"""Compared with the USA, Zimbabwe looks clean."""
"""oo shit nice :D"""
"""They'll probably get the signatures (stupid churches). Would be awesome if the referendum does lose. That more than anything will show things have changed."""
"""Hows your mom's basement doing?"""
"""@K.Moss Shred them into tiny pieces, and then glue them all over your body."""
"""Stick to Santorum.  Your obsession with his wife makes you look like an ass.There is plenty to pick on with him.  He is as big a freak as you are"""
"""You know you're struggling when Descalso hits a homer off of ya.....yikes!"""
"""Amen.  Now that problem is solved."""
"""Please let us know who is logged on and where you are viewing from."""
"""and you arent as much of a loser as them? i say you are just about worse"""
"""Damn it Nicole, fuck it up for us, just once. Please?"""
"""When you're storming the field after pulling out a win against USU ( at home) you know your program is in trouble."""
"""Where are you going with this?"""
"""http://yo.assbag.go-fuck.yourself-bitch.on-facebook.you-stincky-hoe.now.click-motherfucker.com"""
"""here is your boy sander"""
"""Hey, that's an insult to my religious beliefs.Make fun of Santa and Jesus all you like, but HL3 is prophesied in the sacred Valve Scrolls."""
"""BBU,A friend and I have been playing with produce farming for about three years, evry since the economy got soft. I grow cabbage and collards in the fall, beans and tomatoes, bell peppers in the spring. Been thinking about lettuce lately."""
"""Smacked by who? You coonass boys sure are corny."""
"""@JonKlimasIsNOT A BRONY  @JenBroflovski  @SaintMarty Deal!  Wait....... damn."""
"""Oh bore off you Stupid twat !"""
"""Not sure if you are joking or just dumb/have no knowledge in comics."""
"""Etan you are amazing your wife is very Lucy"""
"""Uh Guest, using ""uh"" doesn't make you sound intelligent or superior. it makes you sound like the moron you always prove yourself to be. In your case you should spell it ""duh."""""
"""Franklin street #fuckwitme"""
"""Guess how they got the money to buy such ""lavish"" tributes."""
"""Have worked in kitchens when body piercings are banned because of the potential danger of piercings falling off into food and the possibility of setting off heat sensors. Is  food safety a Victorian policy"""
"""No she is not a toad but you are a libturd!"""
"""Aw, but it says ""Centre"" right on the outside in big red letters!Of course it's only called that because Rogers owns the team, the stadium, and the TV empire that broadcasts the games. Normal people still call it Skydome."""
"""@Lost Ones @Old Man Game Don't get me wrong, I like THE Reggie Jackson, but just think if we had Maynor manning the second unit?  Our starters get a lead, then the the second unit makes it grow. I think that will start to happen later in the year, but Jackson is getting his feet wet. Anyone else but me think Jackson plays a lot like RW did his rookie year? Out of control, super athletic and is able to use that athleticism to make up for being out of position sometimes."""
"""I'll take your word on it."""
"""Captain, You need to quit standing on your head, You are have a cranial recital inversion problem, You have inserted your cranium so far you your recital cavity you are seeing everything upside down."""
"""You tell 'em Max!"""
"""THEY FUCKING KILLED IT!!!!GO HYO GO HYO!!!!"""
"""Yes my filthy little lefty troll....both you and barry have just proven my point!"""
"""Why are you here?"""
"""None of that has to do with classListen to Serena--classless--horrible human beingNadal does give his opponent credit--unlike Serena."""
"""@CassandraBlack sorry bout misspelling your name too btw! Gina Gina Gina!! ok, got it :)"""
"""Kwaartz - do yourself a favor.  Go to Africa and look at the cultural achievements there  before the white man came: no wheel, no reading or writing, no bridges, no buildings other than mud huts that look like bird nests.Then tell me if you are proud of your African culture. Far better to be proud of US culture methinks."""
"""Please don't you are an idiot"""
"""What are you going to do, watch your party keep minority people ignorant? Compassionate liberal, my.ass!"""
"""FUCK ALL HEAT HATERS.YALL CAN SUCK MY DICK , I GOT NOTHING AGAINST OKC BUT FUCK EM TOOO !! WE WINNING THIS YEAR WADE COUNTY KING JAMES BITCHES , 305"""
"""jackson and westbrook together worked well i thought, funny cause maynor and westbrook never worked all that well in the few minutes weve seen it"""
"""They wont unless people like you stop coming on here to whinge."""
"""oh, you got your information from the Fox news network or from some idiotic right-wing tea bagger blogger! They always distort the truth. get a life and stop blaming the president b/c you are a loser in life..."""
"""I LOVE TOP to death, but I get how blue hair's not only his right. Jokwon looks good with it too. :)But honestly, TOP will forever be the ONLY one in my heart as the blue cotton candy ice-cream. :D"""
"""And....you know....being on probation."""
"""Die you bloated sack of cow shit"""
"""""A man threw his intestines at police.""""And rectum?""""No, they survived, but he wasn't doing so good.""Okay, I'll stop now."""
"""dan amdYou have realy no clue on every single idiotic comment of all your posts.WE ALL DON'T enjoy your stupid PRO AMD B:U:L:L:S:H:I:T ignorance.Please crawl back then in the fat ass of your gay loving buddy charliedemerjian semiinaccurate and try to find the light inside - U stupid FAG!WE REALY DON'T NEED AND WANT YOUR POST HERE ANYMORE!"""
"""CITY WERE SO LUCKY DEFOE SHOULD HAVE GOT THE WINNER BALOTELLI SHOULD HAVE BEEN OFF !!"""
"""You are a born m o r o n."""
"""Then don't watch it loser."""
"""Escobar is not an All-Star. Not even close. Asdrubal is 10 times better. To think Escobar is better is stupid. He is a decent SS at best. 1 homer and 13 RBI and a terrible strikeout to walk ratio. Bruseki is an idiot."""
"""Pujols is gonna bomb this one to Center. Book it!"""
"""Im-fuckin'-POSSible!    I thought I knew JayJay Mohr but I don't know shit!"""
"""That's because you're all morons."""
"""As always you said it succinctly. It is Santorum's continued integrity that makes him worthy of a conservative vote. Should he lose because he did not compromise his values, it says more about our country and Christianity in the west than it does Rick. Let's pray America is not so far gone that today's voter puts more stock in the willingness to ""do whatever it takes"" than the willingness do what is right regardless the cost."""
"""I assume that you are trolling? I can't see any other reason for your post."""
"""@lastminutemandy I think hallucinations could make for a very interesting feb of writing for you!"""
"""Well nothing is torn so I don't get how much more injured someone can be. I think the Rangers are just being really cautious with Feliz"""
"""grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr i hate that motherfuck her dad need  to be burned at stake"""
"""Gee whiz ryan is your dik that small? Maybe you should invest in some of that dik extender instead of a new computer. You are nothing but a keyboard warrior."""
"""I don't understand? Dodger stadiium has been a problem for quite some time now...I live in Cali and know all the problems that surround dodger stadium! Too many gang bangers and not enough fans!"""
"""hey dick lick you don't know me i go to all the ufc fights i know what goes down most of the fighters hate fighting for the ufc because their under paid so you think i don't nothing you mexican princes screw you and the dick you ride onÂ """
"""Maybe you need a better trained guy"""
"""Yeah, and you're a fuckingterrorist supporting skumbag. Fuckingloser!"""
"""And you are the one who daily licks it out."""
"""Yet you know Mama Manzo is, even though Mrs Juicy had a co-writer the fact is, she STILL has three books out she was still on Celebrity Apprentice, she is all over these tabloids, she is popping up all over, what does Mama Manzo have, Black Water and three kids laying around eating all day and their gay man servant and family that wants her shipped off to lower Slobovia"""
"""Go suck gay boy Brocks filthy-cock."""
"""Why the hell would you need extra storage?Thats the same like asking, ""why the hell would you want free apps?"" Facepalm. You apple fanboys have no brains in your iHeads."""
"""It is one of the few things the Federal Government is Constitutionally SUPPOSED to pay for."""
"""you are so funny"""
"""thats is complete bullshit because black people arent the only people that can have soul you sound ignorant as  shit whites struggle to im black i have many of white friends thjat had it rough growing up so if you really belive that white cant relate c'mon now"""
"""You're an uniformed idiot, lazy/maxketter.  Many CSRS people (me included) have paid in the full 40 ""quarters"", yet only will receive a very small percentage of full SS.  I paid in my 40, and then continued to pay every single month for the next 28 years through military reserves payrolls, yet I will receive zero credit for any of that 28 years because it didn't quite reach the threshold of ""substantial"" contributions.  So that was money down the drain.  More accurately, some of it is going to you, while you spend your life whining about dedicated federal employees who get much less from the government trough than you do."""
"""Im talking present you moron lol."""
"""These ARE indoors. Glossy sucks everywhere."""
"""If you think Obama has any chance at winning your as delusional as you were thinking Scott Walker was going to lose."""
"""Would someone please send this guy a blow up doll of Obama with a 55 gallon drum of KY and be done with it . . .â??Iâ??m doing fineâ??- President Obama to Northern Virginia Community College students.February 13, 2012Dear President Obama,Iâ??m happy to hear that the Obama family are doing well economically.Â  Thats good.Â  Thatâ??s how America is supposed to work.Â  You worked hard.Â  You sat in the church listened to every one of Reverend Writes sermons that attacked the nation that you are now the President of.Â  Rose through the ranks of Chicago politics and still smell like a fresh bar of Irish Spring.Â  Thatâ??s impressive.Â  The wife got a nice cushy job.Â  You got elected after you politically knocked off your opponent, he should be happy heâ??s still breathing, then you made it all the way.Â  Iâ??m leaving out the sweet heart mortgage and the the whole Roland Burris/Blagoiavich thing because itâ??s all a little sordid, and Iâ??m not in the mood.Â  It is Valentines day:)Is this the new American dream?Â  Must be.Â  But I donâ??t see how most Americans can access it?Â  Where should one go to school to learn how to be a self hating rich person that pleas with the populace to raise their taxes only to avoid the appearance of wealth to forestal the masses from knocking down your door.Â  Iâ??d like to think if I had money I would give a lot of it away to good people, and good causes.Â  Iâ??d like to think that I would not be the person that would use that wealth unwisely and selfishly like you and Mr. Buffet do.Â  You people selfishly convince others to use their money to obtain your political goals all the while claiming that your motives are pure.Â  Really?Â  How pure can ones motive be when they advocate for abortion and delving into the private relationship between Man and God?Â  What ever happened to the separation of Church and State?Â  Oh I forgot.Â  Religion canâ??t be in the public square, unless your muslim, but government can infiltrate our churches and synagogues.Your motives are not pure at all.Â  Recently the feds have even gone after fresh milk production.Â  Even cows arenâ??t safe from rich people like you and Mr. Buffet and Mr. Soros.Â  What do you rich people have against milk?Â  Are you afraid weâ??ll riot if we run out of it?Â  I wonder forty years from now we will not have to wonder why there isnâ??t enough milk.Â  All we will need to do is look in the Smithsonian.Â  There will be two heifers, stuffed, the plaque will read, â??These cows were too productive!Â  Nien!Â  This must not happen!â??Â  Will we one day have a museum with stuffed rich people too?Â  We tried that it only leads to a nightmare.Â  Money is like manure it is no good unless it is spread.Â  When it is spread it tends to grow thing like grass for cows to eat, so they can make something called milk.Â  Capital also creates businesses that hire employees that pay taxes and use their money to do things like take vacations and go on hunting trips with their friends.Â  Regardless, if we canâ??t even speak up for the cows, who can we speak up for?:)Respectfully,Joe Doakes"""
"""Well, it will be hard for Iran to claim Israel is responsible for one of these attacks. The purpetrator blow himself up and was cooperative enough to bring his passport to prove he is Iranian. These countries, especially India should rethink their relationship with Iran and cooperate with the sanctions. Buying oil from a state that sponsors terrorism will only lead to more problems for all. It does prove to anyone objective person or nation who had any doubts previously that the Iranian Regime is engaged in lies and deception, both in their involvement in terrorism and concerning their Nuclear Program."""
"""Unless it was the world wars war is now and always has been fought my the poor and disenfranchised it is simply the way society wroks"""
"""i just want to know why billboard did not post my comment. seriously? and all of these negative comments are on this blog. screw you!"""
"""You aren't Zobiana's Healing Temple for one thing because I am.....so I guess we know who the friggin' liar is here asswipe. Luana is lucky to be far away from that nasty Perry family and considering that DP is an abusive POS and thief as well  it is probable that the whole famiy is a creepy mess.  I am starting to hear banjos playing just thinking about those nasty Perry people."""
"""So beautiful, you and your little gal crocheting together.  Her work is perfect, and I know you are just shining, inside and out.  :)"""
"""Have fun Roger, takes a little the heat off the Saint's crap"""
"""It's not that serious! It's just a swimsuit pic it's not like your posing for porn ppl! Ugh y'all kills me"""
"""Apparently so are you, idiot."""
"""Truer words have seldom been spoken. You are the voice of reason."""
"""So Ladd you are not at working writing on this blog, from a government owned computer, on taxpayers time or using a taxpayer paid internet service?"""
"""You are different, in a good way!"""
"""<STRONG><A>YOU ARE A MEAN SPIRITED AZZHOLE.  POSTERS HAVE ASKED YOU TO STOP THIS!!!!  NO WONDER EVERYONE ON THIS BLOG HATES YOU!"""
"""The collapse is now very near, i think!Hey EU people (and US people, by the way), let's just face it once and for all:We are bankrupt!This is jut too much debt. Everybody is drowning in a sea of....debt.Derivatives exceed, by far, the world GDP.Sorry.....but it seems to me: game (soon) over!"""
"""Aren't you?"""
"""What woud he do...shoot him?  Proud example indeed."""
"""If I could find you..the correct term for your filty-h0m0 life would become....extinct."""
"""Those who feel that this is a great joke have obviously never been the victims of rape, nor have they had mothers, sisters or daughters that are victims. I doubt if they had that they would find anything remotely funny about it. """
"""Wow Paul, fishin's cool, bass and flounder are two of my favorites I also like specs and perch!  My day was full and fun later in the day. This mornin went to a early bible class memorial, and then to the cemetary visited Dad with some flowers and then we stopped at the San Jacinto monument and took the grandbabies on a tour through the refurbished Battleship Texas. They all wanted these dogtags and shell casings on a chain, go figure...and then came home and sparked up the Weber. Whew... made some fresh green beans made the girls snap all those and some potato salad and some fruit. Smoked brisket, and chicken, and of course some ribs.First thing on the news today was great. It's official, they say Texas is likely to have enough delegates to secure the nomination for Romney.  Yahoooo!!!"""
"""Maybe they will change it tomorrow.  I thought they might do it tonight but I guess not......"""
"""your wife is a loon,mick wont give her the attention she wants so she kicks off a bit like a a child who doesnt get their own way she likes to be the centre of attraction grow up"""
"""My mother-in-law is on the loose again. She loves wallabies!"""
"""Again:  I wouldn't count on it.Anyone who continues to support the current empty suit is either totally deluded or a traitor."""
"""A Nickelback riot is when their two fans get into an argument."""
"""I have a friend who lives in Thailand.  This bomber was trying to blow up a school full of INNOCENT children!  He got his legs blown off as a result of his (thankfully) failed attempt."""
"""you are retarded"""
"""Must be nice having umps on your team."""
"""I love news such as this because it scares off all of the trolls. Even they will not try to defend something so blatantly wrong. Then again, logic doesn't apply for them so there will probably be one on here soon. Who do they think has an extra $20,000 sitting around to donate to them? We aren't all Soros. Why don't they suck his resources dry before they go after my pittance?"""
"""@FUCK:disqus YOU CNN FAGGOTS."""
"""FUCK OTR"""
"""Let's see your girl's set."""
"""Panetta is kissing Obamas ass,he'll do what ever this loser President tells him to do,Obama is trying to destroy America,cutting back on defence is a good way to have our enemys attack us,he wants to save some money so he can spend it on radical programs he has dreamed up ,like forcing Catholics to go against their faith,and now he says it's over,no more debate,like he's the King of America and want he says is law,he thinks all Americans are stupid,he's the only one who knows how toÂ help us,but there's an election coming up and it looks bad for B.O.if the voters don't get this joker out of office we're doomed as a nation."""
"""egypt will either have an Islamist or a high up from the last dictatorship as president, either way democracy won't last long"""
"""@Rourke needs to give me a fucking like you mean Polenta?"""
"""Then it's a duck, not a Fascist. Good thing liberals don't hunt, or the country would be run by Donald Duck while conservatives would be served up with gravy and potatoes. Assuming, of course, that these hyper-urbanized fops didn't pull an Elmer and wind up shooting their own beaks off."""
"""Or a flaming queen like Gheyrooster!"""
"""i just remembered the two countries called SODOM AND GOMORRAH, AND I WILL LIKE YOU TO ALSO REMEMBER IT EVEN NOW, BCOS THAT SAME GOD NEVER CHANGE!"""
"""Co je to za stupidní otázka !!!!To není nic lepu0161ího, praktického, aktuálnu011bju0161ího,kritického,moralizujícího atd.........Bernard z Moravy"""
"""Definition of WRESTLING stupidity...take the most gifted and technically sound female WRESTLER you have and make a joke of her in a backstage skit about farting. Am I the only person that thinks it's time for a mass firing in the Creative Team much like WWE does with their talent that aren't performing to expectations? If it happened 3 times a year with the staff like it does with the talent you can pretty much guarantee these guys would get their heads out of their asses and put better material on TV than this."""
"""Oh Sally, take your medicine"""
"""fuck off, fucking pathetic bitch, too much to say for yourself.google it."""
"""i'm directing this comment only to the my fellow chelsea supporters.i for once agree with AVB. I think he should be strict with these big name players. If you are manager of this team you need to be strict. Avram Grant was too soft. Scolari too soft. Ancelotti in his 2nd year too soft. Are they still our manager... no. By time we have a manager that does things his own way and not play to their tune. At least he can (if he is sacked) say he did things his way, unlike the other scared managers afraid to touch drogba, anelka, lampard and Terry. Too long have these ""big personality"" players rule Chelsea. Remember in the 3rd season of Jose's reign when we lost the league to untd, early that season Drogba wanted to leave as he was sulking most of the champions previous 2 years and after Jose left, he sulked even more causing lot of negativity in the camp. OH and remember the champs final the sent off AND ANELKA'S MISSED PENALTY????? then the next year Scolari became manager he sulked even more and caused again negativity in the team. my point is when he doesn't sulk we win things. Players like Drogba, Malouda, Anelka, Lampard and Terry get paid lots of money per week to be professional and to give their best. CLEARLY AND THEIR SHOULD BE NO ARGUAMENTS FROM CHELSEA SUPPORTERS WHEN I SAY NONE OF THESE PLAYERS THIS YEAR ARE PERFORMING WELL ENOUGH TO BE IN 1ST TEAM YET THEY ARE DEMANDING FIRST TEAM ACTION. MALOUDA IS A WAISTE OF TIME, MONEY AND A PLACE IN THE TEAM. If this was Sir Alex instead of AVB then Man untd fans would have supported him, i'm asking, can we not do the same with AVB. I'm a big fan of Jose, but i think AVB is perfect for Chelsea as soon as the older players leave in the summer we will see the true CHELSEA.. We are set to buy Willian, Hazard, Christensen and Neymar. Players such as Paizon coming through next season. IMAGINE THE FOLLOWING SQUAD FOR NEXT SEASON.                                      TORRES - STURRIDGE- NEYMARMATA  -  ESSIEN- ROMEU -   RAMIREZ - PAIZON -MEIRELES -  HAZARD WILLIAN                                     COLE- CAHILL-TERRY-LUIZ-IVANOVIC                                                           CECHcome on i know you are smiling as a chelsea fan and i know you are worried as a non chelsea fan. GO AVB!!!!!!"""
"""Get Gungnir and Growlanser: Wayfarer of Time and you'll be touching your PSP all summer."""
"""@gdlow The fact that he was picked in the 7th round should have no bearing on the decision. He was stuck behind JaMarcus Russell for three years and his stock drop was strange to say the least. Irrelevant through, you have to look at the fact that he worked with one of the game's best QBs and best QB coaches for 4 years. Not to mention that Philbin knows how to make him succeed."""
"""Other than the old USSR, is there really a more secretive government that that of the U. S.?"""
"""@MattWestcott funny because Apple employees (me) are told to say OS TEN...not OS X like you are trying to elude to. in fact, OS ""EX"" is frowned upon in dialog. bitch harder about things you actually know about. oh and you're wrong about the Star Wars thing too."""
"""Jesus Christ, Powell [Caleb/Colin], he [Dylan Grey] could be a fucking bartender for all we know."""
"""If Romney gets a first term we will be in exactly the same spot, you have this fantasy that the politicians and parties run this country, the true power lies with the NSA and CIA, the president is nothing but a figure head."""
"""Thanks Curtis, and you're welcome......"""
"""Can you show a photo of her being fat?"""
"""Decapitate?  The helmet hit him in the ass...where ""your"" head is!"""
"""You`re a sad excuse for a human being."""
"""No. What's finally going to end this bullying bullshit is holding the parents financially responsible for the acts of their darling little miscreants.When they start laying&nbsp;whopping fines at the feet of the parents of the child doing the bullying, you'd better believe they'll be slamming the brakes on ""little Johnny's"" extracurricular activities faster than he can say the word Faggot."""
"""Your pussy. Stop hitting woman and fight me bitch ass nigga"""
"""Thanks for your service, man. You're looking very good. When's your next leave? ;)"""
"""Don't forget to add that she inspired a troll such as yourself to chime in.... now go back under your bridge and behave yourself."""
"""No one on the left wast's an all encompassing government, you idiot."""
"""You have suck a knack for the spoken word!"""
"""What about a taxpayers bonus???"""
"""Bitch you digraced the whole nation.. Now wait for the whole Pakistan to bombard you with their precious comments! Fuckin FRAUD!"""
"""They can buy and they can apply for residency just like any other person. So shut up you ignorant fool."""
"""Have you had this yourself?"""
"""Yea because I waste my time documenting your lunacy. Sorry dikhead we all know you and what you post. Unlike you we don't suffer from ADD"""
"""The Miami heat are 2012 NBA Champions...."""
"""i refuse to comment on a nigga hairline who is worth 9 figures might be 10 b4 its over with can fuck yo bitch and make yo watch with that kind of money that nigga can grow a s curl and still do what he wants with that kind of money"""
"""Have you told your dem friends that you are upset they chose a Mormon to lead the Senate for them?"""
"""Your team has the nastiest trash talker ""KG"" in the NBA and now he is crying because LeBron said, YEAAAAAA, YEAAAA after he fouled him... LMAO #S-O-F-T"""
"""i personally like http://dankcovers.com :D"""
"""@Aramis Tho No, you are totally missing the point. Google+ is totally incomparable with Facebook. It's more like a macro version of twitter, with better segmentation/grouping functionality."""
"""You are literally like a robot creation from my nightmares. Do they have you on drips feeding all this utter horror into you.Let's hope we never meet, I won't know whether to pray for you or just knock your lights out."""
"""he weak ass fuck"""
"""Campbell, I urge you to stop cutting. One little relapse does not mean that you failed. Put the razors in the trash and haul the trash out to the curb until it gets picked up. You are better than that. Please get the support you need and deserve from CT or whoever you are comfortable with. And know that you have support here and are welcome to email me privately any time if you want to discuss things less publicly. Get healthy and then get out of the house to do something that is productive so that you'll feel better and have more self-worth. Whether that is looking for another job, walking the dogs, going to lunch with someone or volunteering - getting out and doing something is a great way to free your mind in a healthy way."""
"""What is the basis for your argument?  It surely can't be solely the misplaced 'only'.  Have your children had bad experiences in American Schools?  I ask simply because you must be practically an expert on education in the United States in order to make your comments with such confidence."""
"""The American commerce system runs on sex. It's used to sell everything from condoms to condominiums. You'd think, the party of Big Business, would recognize this and not try and kill the golden goose, (or choke the golden chicken, as it were.)"""
"""your a fucking toolbag. Why do you think there is a menu? So you can order what they fucking make, not so you can modify shit like some sort of royal prince creating your own masterpiece. Your not paying for the meal really, your paying for Darden INC. to pay me, to talk to your fuckin ugly ass. Your ""meal"" your eating is worth about 1/8 of what your paying for it. The rest is for the cooks and I having to deal with you. I just dont get why people think they have some sort of entitlement. Your a baboon, your eating at a fast food joint you chunky jerk! And I pissed on your salad! How you like them breadsticks"""
"""I know thanks for pulling them."""
"""What do you suggest."""
"""O.o some of you fucks who post in this board are retarded. The Waste are fucking awesome! And that show was sick! Fucking internet troll pricks."""
"""sakuras a little fake bitch. i love seeing hinata and naruto together."""
"""When you die your hair still grows for a couple of months."""
"""@Afrika Bambaataa @skywaker9 (David) Portland will win by 10."""
"""LOL!!!! Read the ENTIRE paper REIDtard. Typical poorly educated LIBIDIOT."""
"""How would you prove you are a citizen?A Birth Certificate?"""
"""and you are a MORON."""
"""Fox Isn't required to provide a Blog Spot for Anyone....It's their Option if they choose...."""
"""LOL, if you choose to use an alternate path to health care you'll be paying the mortician sooner than I."""
"""Mittens? How old are you?"""
"""Okay, I kinda understand better/ So, the military now has Islamic law and the new President wants to lessen that?"""
"""If you have to ask, you'll never know."""
"""@TheFandangler Yep. I never mentioned the Penguins at all. Not once. In the entire post."""
"""""KEVIN DURANT IS TOO SKINNY""SHAQ"""
"""many he was pretty good at first all last year. he does not have to make many throws from first. and thats his weak point. he was great at catching the ball. which is the main job at first."""
"""Well, ""all eternity"" is stretching it a bit... future inhabitants (if they can still read) will be puzzling over a few broken stones, and wondering, ""Who the Zhark was Elvas Priestley, and who was this Elmer Schmurd who followed him?"""""
"""Victor Moore you are one dumb ass writher or you are smoking some bad crack. WTF suck hawks nock off the NINERS. WTF. dude buy some good coke. Stay off that bad shit...DUDE are you hanging with Bobby Brown. Dang...."""
"""lmao oh yeah? please tell me how the fuck i'd be ""rigging the polls faggot"". maybe if your ass wasn't so dumb youd think of ways to get people to vote your shitty music 5/5. heres two that have apparently been working: make an event on facebook with directions to vote, message the online people on facebook and personally tell them to vote. come on buddy put your brain to work maybe you can be charlie sheening too..smh"""
"""just follow the CAP words and you will find the way.gp53132 is out standing AT the roadside in the HOT sun waiting for the MAIL to .COMe bringing new friends to the group."""
"""Dilfer > Marino* sarcasm alert"""
"""Yeah same here.  He seriously turns me the fuck on everytime I watch one of his videos."""
"""I will point out Observer - because you didn't like how I responded YOU chose to start with name calling ie. ""moron"" and then you wonder why everyone is disrespectful......... It all starts with each of us to monitor ourselves"""
"""my family has been in maine since the 1700s  care to choose up sides and see who the ""real"" mainers are?and trash? it's usually trash (and uneducated) that  are such abysmal spellers"""
"""Yep, it's pretty std with liberals.  When they've been shown wrong, the insults start flowing.  When it happens, it just confirms I'm right and they are wrong."""
"""OMG!  SO FUCKING STOKED!"""
"""What a very fulfilling life you have at 33 - trolling other teams' sites to talk trash."""
"""#FuckTrolls"""
"""I also havee an objection to MY MONEY being used to offset THEIR POLLUTION.  Fuckwits."""
"""LOL you failed as well....People need to learn to stop correcting others for a minimal grammatical error considered irrelevant, because, as can be seen by the lack of ""be"" in ""so it would easier"", we all make mistakes, we are humans, and most regular individuals don't give importance to typing correctly on the internet, unless you are a super grammar nazi."""
"""I'm longing for a secular humanist President."""
"""Respectfully, I think you're wrong Alain. It is genetic. If physiological traits are determined by race, then what is so far-fetched about that notion that psychological/intelligence traits (IQ, future-time orientation, delayed gratification) are also genetically predetermined?Let's cut the horseshit. 20th Century.....WASPs = civilization, art, literature, scienceAsians  = civilization, art, literature, science Negroids = primitive tribal culture, still living in mud huts, no written language"""
"""Obama doesn't care about Latinos, just their votes."""
"""Can you upgrade the ram and change out the battery yourself?"""
"""Thank you, AGuyCommenting, for your kind response."""
"""You and your wife never cried when your first child arrived then?"""
"""doug, your side lost that race to throw out a patriot i n order to placate hundreds of union thugs.   get over it."""
"""Self defense? That little girl must pack a mean punch!"""
"""because they are more civilized than that...mostly"""
"""Very true, Mel...very true.  Loyal to the END...lol"""
"""you truely are a dumb*** hilly i never said it was great i said #8 all time your just stupid aint you."""
"""schoolswotNo its just smug idiot left wing hypocrites that I despise. It is just unfortunate that there are so many of you about."""
"""I do know, but you wouldn't listen any way! You won't ever get a grasp on the things of God until you seek Him out...it's a waste of my time. God has hidden some things from the foll who says in their heart ""there is no God""! I won't argue with a fool!"""
"""Wenger cos he only ever won a trophy with players he did not buy, when he had his own team (just the players he brought in) they have won an impressive ZERO trophies. Proof is in the pudding as they say.As for Henry, he was once a semi-decent player but now his arrogance is only surpassed by his ego! He's a has been at best!Please mind the gap Woolwich!"""
"""I'm probably being a cynical minny here but, doesn't the guitar start just a split second before she moves her fingers? """
"""Good for you. I hope you realize that we here in BC do not miss you. You should consider making where ever you are your permament home."""
"""Are you serious?"""
"""In Thailand, the Iranian blew his own legs off butÂ didn't harm any Israelis.Â  Is this an example of Iran'sÂ military might?Â Â In the end, the Iranians will blow the legs out from under their own country."""
"""jacc: What branch were you in?"""
"""i know u can give the best to liverpool suarez. don't worry, all of liverpudlian always support you. You'll never walk alone.And I believe u will be rock in old trafford. God Bless U ."""
"""oh god!!!  grow up you sad little loser!!!!"""
"""Actually, you are going to need more than one."""
"""You are lucky they did not take your child...you would be still fighting the system to get him back!  IT really is broken, it needs to be emptied out and revamped-  the sooner the better"""
"""Holder is the lying sob you want, congress...."""
"""banks are, in general, fucked."""
"""Ummmm... the Heat run sets on offense, what are you talking about?  They suck donkey balls in the halfcourt when they don't."""
"""Nice video, it looks like you've used Animoto for that."""
"""so its sad you idiot.  Ray is one of the best pure shooters... so dumb"""
"""He shouldn't have sign the contract requiring him (like others) to sing the national anthem in the first place."""
"""El mejor equipo perdio esta noche, hermano"""
"""One of Santorum's goals as president would be to annul all previous gay marriage and ban all insurance companies from covering contraception. Are those the priorities of unemployed Americans?"""
"""Here it is, again, for you to not answer:What makes you think our founding fathers wanted America to be a theocracy? And if you don't think that they did, why do you want to go against their original design for America and make it one?"""
"""that's always an excuse ""maybe they are not wonderfuls or any other fandom"" i mean why can't you accept that in every fandom there are these crazy ones, we have seen them here and f(x) earlier articles. and yes they were very rude."""
"""No, ike i said earlier, Sir you are an A S S"""
"""Workin on that.  Apparently we can't trust the jokers in power now, Congress, courts, or Chief"""
"""Mitt: I created 100,000 jobs.Mitt: I created thousands of jobs.Mitt: I created a net-plus in jobs."""
"""You mean like your post.  You read the column..."""
"""Ha! I prefer something for him in the polar ice cap region.BTW, Welcome back."""
"""Really #1?  You are the oldest and your sign is up side down!"""
"""depends on what you mean by IT, we can't make assumptions, you could have weird fetishes"""
"""@MyLastSuckenade@David Look, if you're so tired, take a nap. I really don't care how fagged you are."""
"""it's fucking fake drama queen!"""
"""We have a problem using federal troops because of The Posse Comitatus Act,  United States federal law (18 U.S.C. Â§ 1385). A bigger problem is that the Obama regime doesn't give a.rat's.ass about the border."""
"""who da fuk are you calling adumbas pussy.... you'r probully a negro with big ass lips and a big ass nose."""
"""I am sorry Mr Ramsey, your race card has been declined - you are over your limit."""
"""Spot on!  The whole thing hangs on perpetuating human fear of death.  Without that, there is no need for any of the superstitions, mumbojumbo, or christcult b/s."""
"""But you are...."""
"""If it's not your thing, make her do it."""
"""STFU you ignorant communist puke.."""
"""@Kick Ass @firenze 30fps Aflack, or Hijack, is that you?"""
"""he ain't nothing but a hound dog"""
"""Nnamdi chuwkwu you are  nothing but dick sucker i wish i'm BOKO.. i will bomb your generation.. .you need to relocate to ZOO"""
"""yes, but now you are just a moron!"""
"""Me and my husband found it hard at first when we moved abroad - different language, different culture. It took about a year to start to make friends and after that we've never looked back."""
"""Holy shit I didn't know you could freeze a .gif like that. And I am agreeing that the lack of animation is better."""
"""That girl kinda look cock eye'd but its ok I'd fuck her till that shit turnt straight"""
"""Stick it up your ass-faggot. you get another FLAG!!!!!"""
"""@ABXXV25 Yeah, I've been following along.  Just wanted to make sure you knew."""
"""RAW???? WTF this dude is so pussy he puts tampons in his mouth once a month. Pharell is not a real skater himself just a poser trying to get paid. Nigel is pussy NYC knows it BMX knows it I put Sean Ricany over this lame nigga anyday. Nigel is scared to move in NYC Blackman got him shook FUCK NIGEL"""
"""@Legendary dork nope our players lost this game, durant needs to get a midpost game no excuses its way to hard to get him the ball."""
"""On a gray canvas, in white letters you could write: You are my sunshine (yellow colored) you make me happy (yellow colored) when skies are grey..idk?"""
"""please tell me these are all satire..."""
"""Yay you got it in time :)"""
"""@MRL731 @ikathyv Totes."""
"""Good write up, but don't you think the north caused this on all of us. They are the ones who's quick to rally round their own despite their evil hearts and devices. On monday, two muslims were sentenced to death by hanging for murdering a fellow moslem, what all the Almajiris could comment is that Mustapha deserves not to die. Meaning: The Yoruba Muslim is not relevant as long as he is not Hausa-Fulani; those Mustapha killed are not relevant since they are not Hausa-Fulani even if they are Muslims. Please remind me - How many northern leader or elite has raised a voice against the despicable, divisive, corrupt and horrible governments of IBB and Abacha who broke Nigeria's virginity and destroyed her innocence? None, I suppose. As long as they are Hausa-Fulani, they can do no wrong! However, that is not to say I don't get some of your points. When Tambuwal and the easterners plotted against a Yoruba speaker ship and trampled on any idea of change in the senate leadership since it's still North/Easterner thing, GEJ never gave a hoot. 4geting so soon it was the Yorubas (Bakare and co) who protested and insisted that Jonathan be made acting president. He also forgot the Yoruba-man (Obasanjo) who took all bullets into his vests in other for him to emerge president against the power-deprived northern gluttons who would easily have devoured him. It's so convenient to forget, but we are waiting. Waiting... and I know it won't take long before even the easterners begin the 'marginalisation' song all over again. And then, we will re-tell the story."""
"""""So we are saying the same thing?  I'm just saying the wealthy can pay taxes, and at a higher marginal rate, that's all.  It is redistribution of wealth, just as it is redistribution of wealth when you and I pay federal taxes in NH and NH gets less back than its residents pay in taxes,whereas poor righwing redneck southerners get more back than they pay in because they are less productive than us and less healthy than us.""You want a FAIR tax system? Try my idea;A FLAT 18% income tax on individuals and corporations. NO DEDUCTIONS, LOOPHOLES, etc.INDIVIDUALS:Get a generous $10K personal exemption per taxpayer, and $5K per dependent. THATS IT! So fam. of 4, both parents work, $50K income, exempt $30K, pay 18% on remaining $20K, for a tax bill of $3,600 or an EFFECTIVE tax rate of 7.2%So fam. of 4, both parents work, $150K income, exempt $30K, pay 18% on remaining $120K, for a tax bill of $21,600 or an EFFECTIVE tax rate of 14.4%So fam. of 3, Dad only works, $1M income, exempt $20K, pay 18% on remaining $980K, for a tax bill of $176,400 or an EFFECTIVE tax rate of 17.64%CORPORATIONS:Pay 18% of net operating income. They get to exempt ONLY the direct costs of production.The best part is this plan is REVENUE NEUTRAL INCLUDING FICA TAXES!"""
"""Your Teabilly slutchild is just as ignorant as her mother.You people are the trailer trash of America."""
"""You guys have an awesome slate of games this year as far as the whole smack talk thing will go.  Aside from the divisional games, you get rematches against the Giants, Lions, and Saints.  Plus the Packer/Niner game that never happened last year."""
"""And  cover your wallet."""
"""While your syntax is fine, your spelling is drug-addled."""
"""@PluckyInKY @hoconnor208 @kenmor Let them flood the airwaves with their lies.Ask any californian about how frakking annoyed we were hearing Meg Whitman's lies 24/7 and I kid you not. You could not turn on the TV or Radio without hearing her lies. Jerry Brown still smashed that corporate whore and sent her home crying."""
"""damn vince you shit dont ever go right for you."""
"""There is a very fine line between disliking someone and going out of your way to actively belittle and harass someone because you dislike them. You're allowed to dislike people, but if you dislike someone to the point of submitting disgusting confessions about them - i.e., saying you don't doubt they'd snort someone's semen - that's pretty fucking heinous, and makes you no better than the person you dislike.In any event, OP, you're not required to like everyone, and I don't think you should feel bad for disliking InRavenclaw. You should feel bad if you submit the kinds of confessions people have been submitting."""
"""dick face u would do shit fake ass """
"""I love your new attitude and you're so right...we need to put ourselves and our health first just like we do with our children. So proud of you!!!"""
"""The battle cry of the believer is, ""In God we trust"".God is not of two minds, his marching orders are set out in the Bible.Â  Yes, people are more ""liberal"" today than they were 20 years ago.Â  My own personal odyssey from liberal to conservative goes against the tide and I believe things will get worse before they get better.Â  I don't care what atheists think about me.Like the secular humanist today, I was completely naive about Islam until the Islamic revolution in Iran (1979) and reports began to filter down to the general public about the arrests, torture and execution of those on the left who supported the regime.There is only one Spirit of Truth.False prophets and religions deceive the people time-and-time again but I believe in the Jesus Christ of the Bible not man.Across America there are millions of people who believe in God and will not accept the foolish laws of man.Homosexuality, abortion, pornography are crimes.And the biggest criminal of all is the so-called president of the USA, Barack Hussein Obama.He is not a natural born citizen (Vattel's Law of Nations, 1758) because the Supreme Court has clearly defined a natural born citizen to be a citizen with two American parents.Â  Therefore he is not eligible to be president - and the entire political and judicial system can ignore the truth but it does not matter to me.God bless America - and pass the ammunition.As Patrick Henry said, ""Give me liberty or give me death!""The liberal corporate elite that rules America is plain old fascism - the whore of Satan - but the faithful church is the bride of Christ.We shall never surrender!"""
"""You and your sarcasm."""
"""Zuckerberg is jewish you know..."""
"""Oscar did the right thing so shut the fuck up that asshole dont have any right to hit him like that over a ball. I hope Oscar went over there and put that ball right up Joe Jackson  ass."""
"""House of Bribe takers.So Faruok with all your noise you are not better than Hembe.House shame,House of rogues,house of robbers,OBJ called you people robbers one idiot called Hon Galambi was abused OBJ. These reps have no shame like a prostitute.We should discard this report and start the investigation all over by NGOs.The only thing these reps do with the probes and oversight function is to further the nest of corruption."""
"""If Britney Spears were an unknown she'd be the first person booted off this show (or any singing show!) Her voice could kill small animals."""
"""expect the two technicals those are all legit foul calls. you guys are just being bias"""
"""haha fuck you bitch your a fukn cripled cunt fuck you motherfucker stay off this page unless you want to die bitch!!!"""
"""Double retard for you."""
"""How do you make a plumber cry?You kill his family."""
"""Apple products=computer stuff for people too stooopid to use PC and Android"""
"""THE FA NEED TO LOOK CLOSELY AT THE VT ITS A 3 GAME BAN BALOTELLIS NOTHING BUT TROUBLE !"""
"""How could someone named Emmit Smith be racist??"""
"""Yes, flag yourself for being offensive."""
"""If they don't see your ugly face they're lucky. Turd sucker."""
"""true intellect aren't you!! Tebow isn't unemployed, you really are a pathetic idiot"""
"""what the shillll"""
"""NO STOP dont get to happy or thq will find some way to fuck it up!!!!!!"""
"""Agreed. I want Joffrey dead. Pete really humiliated and gone."""
"""No matter how hard you try, your nasty existance is still not normal."""
"""you sound like rain man."""
"""You are FINALLY starting to talk like a real guru."""
"""Thank you for your comment! :) Sorry to hear about the banking soda...let me know how everything is going! Keep in mind you can post a picture in your comment on here as well if you would like to do that!"""
"""So we should have let him go? I say nail him to a two by four and let him rot."""
"""fuck toi ouai arrêt de rager"""
"""Whaaaa whaaaaaa, When you lose intellectually you freaks either blame Bush or name call.  Newt went in debt a few mill.  But the god-damned comunity organizer sunk us down 6 TRILLION.   You dicks are pitiful."""
"""just fucking with you, i'm a patriots fan."""
"""If it proves anything, it proves that you are not an idiot."""
"""Occupy rapists? Where did you read they were rapists?"""
"""Given the propaganda that could choke a seal these days, i wonder why this wasn't spun with the ""toxic sugar"" story that is sliming its way through the social psyche... Instead of ropes, we should gives these convicted killers unrestricted free access to the white stuff, that is, sugar. Given the propaganda, these lost souls will die protracted and painful, entirely avoidable deaths... seems like good enough punishment, if you're a propaganda cow, chewing on your propaganda cud.What is ACTUALLY happening is a series of unannounced and clandestine public polls most of which are probably commissioned in boiler rooms by our leaders-that-ought-to-actually-be.I'm sorry for your loss Boisvenu, truly sad... however, when a professional such as him can't separate emotion from logic and work from home, i question his fitness to do his job, irregardless of apologies or cognizance of his mistake. He is emotionally compromised and lacks the integrity (no fault of his own) to carry out the requirements of his position and he should be relieved of his duty and replaced by someone with integrity intact.To Harper and our other leaders-asleep-on-the-pot, DO YOUR JOBS AS PROFESSIONALS, NOT SCOUNDRELS. If you want to know how Canadians feel ask us, don't manipulate us and marginalize us. A time is FAST APPROACHING where Canadians will unite and tell their 'leaders' the quality of life and ethical standards in this country will not fall any lower, will not sink to new depths. We will collectively draw a line in the sand, and we will expect our leadership to listen.... OR.... we will rewrite THEIR laws to incarcerate THEM.LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE; don't manipulate and hurt, or your actions will come home to roost."""
"""You can't recover from being crap."""
"""@unit400 - Obama - ""What, me worry??"""""
"""Footlongs next favorite holiday is Christmas ..he dresses up as Santa and gets children to sit in his lap alll day long"""
"""Because crackers get soggy when wet."""
"""took a moment but thanks for your nice Welcome message. Pay backs are always put in motion......http://sportsfixchicago.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/seahawks.jpg"""
"""do the research, I'll bet you don't know jacksquat about obies past."""
"""THAT'S GOOD TO KNOW BECAUSE WE WILL NEVER TOUCH A PIG LIKE YOU. WHERE DO YOU GET OFF THINKING YOU PEOPLE ARE SUPERIOR AND THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE IN THE WORLD? (BYTCHPLEASE) UNLIKE YOU PEOPLE, WE DON'T GO AROUND DISRESPECTING THE DECEASED. YOUR (LITTLEDYCK) CAN'T EVEN TOUCH THE SURFACE. ONLY A PHATPIG LIKE U WOULD SPEND SO MUCH TIME ON AN ALL BLACK WEBSITE POSTING RACIST COMMENTS BECAUSE YOU ARE UNHAPPY WITH SELF. AT LEAST WE HAVE CONFIDENCE. GO GET SOME SELF-ESTEEM AND A (DYCKIMPLANT)."""
"""Because the U.S. can--that's why"""
"""Did liberals attempt to ask boys and men what might be wrong that is causing this behavior?No, of course not, liberals look DOWN upon males, considering our opinion not worth anything."""
"""Lick it clean, turd-breath."""
"""What a smug basket you are."""
"""I think this title better fits this article <b>donald trump doubles down on birther nonsense gets flogged by wolf blitzer</b>www.mediaite. com/tv/donald-trump-doubles-down-on-birther-nonsense-gets-flogged-by-wolf-blitzer/"""
"""@shooter Subban."""
"""Peter,You are quite the idiot.  Are you really this clueless or are you foolishly letting your liberal bias dictate your writings?"""
"""Are you aleging conspiracy against the RedSox?"""
"""I like her.ufeff If you get into her court and be polite and act like you got some common sense, then she's okay. But if you go into her courtroom acting like a jackass, God help you. Damn 21 with 10 kids."""
"""Do you know any kindergarten or elementary school teachers?They'll tell you people are born gay.Â  I can't believe I'm even engaging in this argument"""
"""@YinzerinCT  @beeline yeah.  Definitely not a fan of last year, when we had like 2 separate snowstorms with 3+ ft of snow. plus like the 8 other snowstorms we had. I love snow, except when I have to shovel it and drive in it"""
"""Who cares, the Bush terror completely failed where Obama succeeded."""
"""how ironic that the fantasy of liberalism would collapse under the watch of your hand-picked messiah.....Obama wasn't your savior after all......... he was trigger man for the end of progressive lunacy foreverÂ carter damaged liberalism for decades, bobo may have given it it's final blow........one thing for sure, we won't ever vote for a left-wing liar with a muzzlim name again....ever!Â """
"""Armando pitches a 1-2-3- inning."""
"""Â I would expect nothing less of pop-stars who suddenly feel the need to perform their satanic rituals on stage. Really nice one by the Babylon whore Madonna at the Super Bowl as well, complete with Eye of Horus and Baphomet poses. Or Lady Gaga doing a blood ritual at the MTV awards, that was a classic.Strange times we live in."""
"""Hi Kathy.  Well at least you'd have something to show for your money.  LOL"""
"""wow sound like you are going to cry in your tissues. i just got sick reading your post. are you being paid by NPR to post?"""
"""You should see it come off automatically in your cart, once you go to check out."""
"""All I see in these comments is niggas bitching more then biggest bitches i know.."""
"""Were you born stupid or did you have to work at it??"""
"""To add this silly insult to injury and mask over it by calling for a debate on 'dignity at work in Parliament' with the undignified reputation these MPs have earned theirselves in recent past is hardly very fitting.No wonder the country is the way it is with this sexless old bat calling the tune on such trivial matters at times when more pressing issues need addressing."""
"""@MisterJohnsonOKC yea its over im trying to be faithful though"""
"""Sorry BM but as long as Rogers owns the Jays they're going to run this club on the cheap.That means nothing but bottom feeder payrolls in the $70 million range.Rogers makes billions but they won't put the money into this team to make it competative.That's just the way Rogers operates."""
"""You are correct, one must purchase the mlbpackage, bummer."""
"""If we glorified rapists and made them sound all heroic would it become a RIGHT to be who they are? That's how they were born. They didn't choose to be that way they just are so they should have the RIGHT to rape any man woman child or animal. """
"""Keep telling yourself that, you dumb tea maggot.  The only true racists left are turds like you and your worthless tea maggot friends."""
"""Aucausin, you are very pathetic hiding behind some Touchy Feely law that wasn't even a law a few years ago. Cowboy or Cowgirl up, Discipline is not supposed to be fun or comfortable, it's meant to change a behavior, an incorrect behavior. I was spanked, my sister was spanked, my friends were spanked. Guess what... we learned from it and knew right from wrong.We also learned that there are serious consequences for wrong doing. So, show me where there is an attitude of people today that act as if they understand there are consequences for wrong doing. You can't, everyone nowadays feel as if it's someone elses fault, or that they are entitled to do what they want.You sound like you are part of the problem and not part of the solution."""
"""im the homo but you made a comment about liking a guy pic with his shirt off like you wanted to fuck him but im the homo right i'll let the truth speak for itself queer ass fuck boy"""
"""May you and your children get the same ""deserved"" treatment and end up rotting in the ground."""
"""There you go again telling LIES you are a LAFFS FAN     IDIOT and fooling yourself only BIRD BRAIN"""
"""As bad as he may be, he is still less dangerous than the crooks in office that have been dismantling our national defense."""
"""I believe that applies to your ideas Ronald."""
"""You mean like stealing identity such as you are now? Not hardly troll! FLAGGED FOR FAKE SHITT!"""
"""He has already done this over 2,500 times, to over 40 people, ""Wheelman"".   EACH AND EVERY TIME, it is both illegal and against the site's Terms and Conditions.This site does not exist as his toilet bowl."""
"""First of all the hero engine is STILL an x86 engine with huge graphical issues.Second, MMO's should not have so many large bugs, it was ok 10 years ago, but in modern games large bugs will kill it fast if a company expects people to continue paying a monthly fee for it.Third, the disclosure laws do not state where you must disclose that information, you will never see it in the actual article, only in places such as the stock holders information, typically released months after the article was published and rarely easily found by the general public.D, the game is incredibly linear and uses the same mechanics as any other MMO out there but with less graphics, less explorability and less fun, it is what one would expect from perhaps a single player kotor 3 with multiplayer options, not an ""innovative"" MMO, the same ol' same ol' is getting old and stale.Lastly, I am tired of people comparing this game to WoW vanilla launch, that was 10 years ago, you are supposed to learn from past mistakes not repeat them. Any ""but when WoW was released"" arguments are simply asinine points.All in all, the game is what one would of expected years ago, but not today.On a side note of how poorly they coded this game, it runs 2 .exe's for the same application, a huge no, no for video games because of the horrendous issues it causes, it simply looks like they cut corners and it is biting them on the butt now."""
"""This will hurt the Rs more than help.  To be sure."""
"""You're a retard. You republicans yell about big government but at the same time want to ban gay marriage that doesn't effect you at all. Republicans are as big government as it gets.By the way, no one is saying you can marry kids, but, two consenting adults can. """
"""You are under illusions - dream on."""
"""Hey, I have never in my life ever ,, hit a woman. But I can tell you right now, my - ex wife - can not say the same for men lol. Talk about a nasty mean a s s e d temper lol. But she looks so sweet no one would ever ,, suspect it of her . So blow it out your po op sh oo tÂ  - truemorth - lolÂ """
"""it means you are stupider than average, unable to punch your way out of a wet paper bag.  But at least you have bragging rights to bully others around with your insane liberal concepts."""
"""I am so so so pumped for you! Really pumped. Look at all the excitement in your life...well aside from the stupid job hunt. I've never heard of the corral interview. WTF? How awkward is that?"""
"""he couldnt see that his shoes were tied because his eyes were tearing."""
"""and you are a idiot.... I hope and pray you never responsible to protect any child especially a four year old.. in this event where one decides to hurt or possibly kill a child he has already signed his own death warrant...."""
"""I'm going to break my own policy of not replying to idiots just this once to tell you what a minimum of reading comprehension should have already told you: The multiple user names reference was to ltdgovt who starting creating a bunch of new ones after claiming to have been banned which never happened as far as I can tell. If it had, creating new user names wouldn't help. As far as whatever your deal is, I don't really give a shit, you whiny little bitch."""
"""I can`t figure out what makes me want to puke more.Its either Obozo when he gives his same old rerun lying speeches,or its all the brainwashed i diots smiling an clapping behind him.Ph ugk it, it`s both of them."""
"""You are talking apples and oranges."""
"""Really that's all you have ?? Fail troll is fail lol come back when have something better"""
"""we d@aciddragon @Nonstopdrivel @N we don't need no fucking basketball!!"""
"""YOU ARE AWSOME CENA."""
"""Thought there was another race for a minute there."""
"""Man er vist en ""PC elitist"" for å peke ut dette, dog det er bare rene fakta."""
"""pirate402307 liked your comment"""
"""if you have an adopted mother must you also have an adopted daddy.  Maybe you just pick the most prestigeous step mom your dad collectswho says the rich are different?"""
"""<strong>Assuming something only makes an ass out of u & me:  (watch complete video:)People Who Annoy You:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvULaoH2WoU&feature=related</strong>"""
"""hatethehype you are an idiot. Neil was joking."""
"""@thejeanrose "" Imprisoning black men disproportionately. Obama does it"" Are you seriuos? That's a terribly ignorant statement."""
"""This Munro fellow seems to be an amateur working for an amateur website founded by that privileged and pampered amateur Fucker Carlson."""
"""Up to a jury, dont you think?Would have been nice to see the horse groomer have the same privilege of a court system."""
"""@theprofhypo And that's the truth!   :)"""
"""don't worry bitch. I no more read this shit. Now just shut the fu.ck up"""
"""*See reply to above derp and substitute your derpy reply*"""
"""You don't seem to get what I am trying to say, so good day. I'm sick of you arguing with anything that you disagree with. I'm not going to be pulled into your stupid arguments."""
"""dont worry how i sound u bitch made faggot ass nigga"""
"""I don't know how to break this to you, but you are in for a period of disappointment."""
"""when you get a officer needs help call, you put your donuts down and you help; you don't wait to finish like a normal 9-11 call..."""
"""They do that. Even on channels with old tv shows. S01/Ep2. (1960) for example."""
"""Los Angeles Kings 3New Jersey Devils  03 goals on the 5 minute powerplay.  The dumb shit that took the charge may have just caused the Devils the cup."""
"""one of my big ??? is who does berry think he is to sign a bill like ndaa that says he can pick me up anytime if i have done anything or not  and detain me forever"""
"""Bet Tim Cook just shit his pants."""
"""Holder would be lynched if he tried such a stunt. Why don't you see if you can get back to 2009. That was when President Bush left office. We now have the losers Holder and Obama who are clueless."""
"""I bet it took awhile for this guy to extract his foot from his mouth."""
"""I don't want to lease Hamels for one season.&nbsp; No way Angelos pays for him next year.&nbsp; And we will already have 3 lefties in the rotation come mid-June.<br>"""
"""well then stop having a go at me, one of the few people here defending NHS doctors/dentists."""
"""What a dumbgeister it is F for FAILURE all your distorted life if lies"""
"""Â Freedom ain't free... suck it up, quit whining, and make the effort to get the free ID...If ""people will just not go through it"", then they don't want to vote badly enough... We're talking minimal standards here--kinda borderline pathetic!"""
"""WOW my second bias dancing a cover to my ultimate bias song! IU ur too amazing.  And haters it's nothing serious she was just having fun."""
"""Yes or no?the age old question."""
"""One need look no further than Durden's profile......."""
"""If you had the choice to a) shoot fireworks with Mario Balotelli and his brother Enoch inside his flat or;b) get a tug from Chelsea PhysioWhat would it be and why?"""
"""White men like to rape little boys"""
"""SVS needs to learn about contact,ALB calling.SANDS not ready for prime time,package bait this summer.DeJESUS, also not ready for prime time,but will be (a keeper)EH looks like a seasoned vet already.KENNEDY cannot buy the next ticket out of LAX fast enough.LONEY notorious September burner,has carry ability.A KEEPER.DEE, legit!! just need to invest the time.GWYNN.....No fear, gotta find a way to keep him in when KEMP comes back."""
"""lol, looks like he got up in the night and tried to give the ironing board one and it hit him striaght in the mouth judging by those gnashers!!"""
"""hahah it says donate over 30 times"""
"""And, as usual, you're blaming the wrong person. I'm just a voter and have nothing with the decisions that any politician makes regardless of party affiliation."""
"""Say it isn't so,  NBC caught editing tapes again, they has been editing stories for years to fit their FLEABAGGER viewpoint for years now,  it is just that no one ever called them on it !!!! You all have to remember that MSNBC & NBC & all the rest of the FLEABAGGER LIBTARD networks are nothing but a bunch of FOCKING HACKS !!! I just can't wait until these FLEABAGGERS are off the air PERMANENTLY, there are 11 FLEABAGGER networks compared to the one conservative network, which is Fox !!!!  Fox network has been beating all the FLEABAGGER NETWORKS in the Nielsen Ratings for the last 10 years, HA ! HA ! HA ! you STUPID FLEABAGGER LIBTARDS will never learn will you !!!!!!!!! You FLEABAGGER networks are losing viewership because of your made up news & even other FLEABAGGERS know the BULLSHlT you are up to & they don't appreciate it !!!!"""
"""fake pic u hoe ass nigga!"""
"""wife you are a vile racist bigot !!"""
"""Really? Police wouldn't use tear gas on a white man wanted for 3 counts of capital murder? You are such a fool."""
"""Yaelah cow jaman skrng pamer kekayaan..itu jg pnya ortu lo x..blagu,sombong..ga level.meningan orng biasa ja tp pnya hasil krja sndiri :*"""
"""I think the sausage might make all the difference. The white peppered gravy sounds fine, it's just the idea of pouring it on what appears to be an unsweetened scone and calling it a meal seems strange.So you don't have kippers? That seems strange. I thought that every homestead had a smokehouse and there are herring in the seas.Anyway, I like your Scots Irish theme. There might even be an Ulster Scot right here on My-T."""
"""He shaves his legs in front of his daughters?"""
"""lol god damn you yes"""
"""haters are just fans in denial.."""
"""I like the way the government poured pig fat on the injured Iranian that didnt quite blow himself to he ll! """
"""You don't know much about the 90s housing policy, do you?"""
"""Too funny seeing the cop run up all tough.. then jump back like ""WTF!!?"""""
"""Dick Cheney lied about Atta!   Now this is NEWS!  Actually most of this was confirmed a long time ago, and nearly everyone who read any of the books on Cheney knew.  The only thing that is confirmed is that he intentionally lied and there is a paper trail that shows he intentionally lied.  and this is why he should have been put under oath when they did the 9-11 investigation.  Then we could get this bastard for perjury.  Maybe this will keep him and his ignorant daughter off the television machine for a while but I seriously doubt it.  These people have no fucking pride whatsoever!  He'll probably be campaigning with Romney next week somewhere!"""
"""Actually, clearly not Maized because you can't impersonate points. SCOOPED Yes I did, Jwoude. That is the prick behind this. He had better come up with a better name for me than ""Some Fucktard, DDS"". That is pussy, and not at all on the level of ass-fuckery I expect to come out of our bet."""
"""you r getting too old, before you hit the post botton, see how many posts there already, open them up, then post yours."""
"""burr-headed, purple lipped Kenyan?????  are you a human or a right wing asshole.  go back under your bridge."""
"""Guess what? No one gives a fuck about you. Get off SNSD articles."""
"""Great post Dan, what an amazing story.  You did the right thing.  I know i have an experience just can't think off the top of my head.   I think what you did was pure kindness.  Some people may not have stopped and even talked to her.  Im sure where ever she is i know she is telling the same story about how an amazing guy called and helped her.  She may be wondering how you are.  I guess the best part of life is not getting credit but just doing good deeds and just moving on.  Very awesome Dan."""
"""I know more intelligent fans of the Timberwolves than intelligent fans of the Heat. Those people are clueless for the most part."""
"""LIZZARONNA Not only does your ignorance shine through per your ignorant comments , but you can't spell or form a sentence , pathetic loser !"""
"""You are a lying son of a bitch.  Let's see you post some facts supporting your assertion."""
"""dude dont wanna hear your pillow talk about double pent."""
"""That's why the MORE non-whites we let in OUR country, the more voting/politics/best interests of OUR country get biased/put aside. No matter WHAT, non-whites (and whites like us) will ALWAYS utilize group think. Us VS. Them/Us. OR. Them. No matter what! We are screwed. People don't think about these problems when discussing demographic change. It's not black and white (no pun intended) like most people perceive it to be. Most people think it will go one of two ways, good, or very bad. There is VAST amounts of grey area. Very complex cause and effect deals."""
"""""If this is true, itu2019s hard to imagine that such a cavalier attitude towards a question like this one wouldnu2019t have infuriated liberals and Democrats if it had been exhibited by George W. Bush.""I don't know.  This liberal would have been thrilled if Bush had followed through on his ""dead or alive"" promise regarding bin Laden."""
"""Off of baseball for the moment,you guys should sit back and watch""The Hanoi Hilton"" today.No movie capture the perseverance and dedication of men who have served this country."""
"""Holy shit those are creepy"""
"""screw you. not all inspirits are like that. & destroy us? please you wish! inspirits are powerful..stop underestimating infinite's popularity."""
"""Interleague play is retarded."""
"""they have a right to be gay since they choose to be, they dont have a right to trample our countries heritage to match they perver ted lifestyle"""
"""YOU SHUT YOUR WHORE MOUTH! YOU SHUT IT RIGHT NOW! YOU'RE GIVING HIM IDEAS, GODDAMMIT!"""
"""BACK OFF HATER'Z!JUST LEAVE THEM ALONE CUZ ITS NONE OF YOUR BUSSINESS BITCHES:)JUST IGNORE THEM OLSEN:):):);0:)"""
"""I wish you could smell it just by clicking on it. ;)"""
"""Fuck this...something will be on youtube later and photos will be on Gillian Anderson's website I'm sure."""
"""@Chesire @krayoncolorz @bpicampus Catholic priests will minister to soldiers who are killing people on the battlefield; that's not implicating itself in a practice that is morally anathema to it?  I really don't understand the Church's delicacy of conscience when it comes to human reproduction, and it's ability to suck it up and accept reality when it comes to things like war and capital punishment."""
"""joseywhales, thank you kindly for proving my point.  You have no actual information to present just insults.  Thanks for the entertainment."""
"""Well, as long as they don't bring back long dead fri....oh, shit...hang on."""
"""yup gang of little nigglet thugs"""
"""Go drop dead you fcuking loser. Ram a boom-stick up your hairy ass you sex starved unbalanced freak fcuk."""
"""LET ME HELP YOU GET YOUR ANGER OUT"""
"""Leave it to a moron to dump smoldering embers into a trash bin next to a house"""
"""For all the people saying ""Well, thousands of people die everyday; suck it up, brat"": yes, thousands of people die every day, but your mother passing only happens once in your lifetime.Â  Yes, her family has money (I assume, but who really knows?), but having money doesn't mean you're equipped to deal with the sudden loss of a parent, especially when that loss leads the national news cycle for almost a week, and people are publicly airing your mother's and your family's dirty laundry. We don't know the life this young woman has had for the last 18 years, but it's safe to assume there were some rough patches; let's give her and her family some privacy in their time of mourning (I'm talking to you, media) and cut this kid some slack for not handling it well as we think we might."""
"""Where, exactly? You are questioning logic without an argument."""
"""It is obvious that u201cAmerican Idolu201d has turned into a popularity contest with a huge female viewer base. As proof: For the past three seasons, the u201ccute guyu201d has won over the much more talented female runner-up.Who cares?Read more here: http://www.kansas.com/2012/05/29/2348887/opinion-line-may-29.html#storylink=cpy"""
"""how the fuck did you come to the conclusion that she initiated anything? You sound like one of those punk niggas who would find any excuse to hit a girl. Go sit doen in timeout"""
"""""All we want to do is adopt a highway,"" said April Chambers, the chapter's secretary. ""We're not doing it for publicity. We're doing it to keep the mountains beautiful. People throwing trash out on the side of the road ... that ain't right.""Tell your family to stop throwing themselves on the side of the road and to lay in the middle of the road."""
"""It's built like a brick shithouse!"""
"""who are you a fan of?. what's your team?."""
"""See waht you knowit not all there."""
"""Norway is a proud nation, what war crimes did they commit?"""
"""White people invented taco bell you ignorant fuck, you dumb as this nigger in the video. And I aint no fucking wetback, wetbacks are mexicans who swam across the border i was born and raised in san jose california so fuck you and by the way i like peanut butter and cell phones so stick a burrito up your ass im sure thats the only way YOU can enjoy it"""
"""You either know that is a lie or you have not checked."""
"""Go and tell him to fuck himself, the twat"""
"""Scusa non ho capito, che festa?"""
"""Honey, get some brains because quite obviously you didn't read everything I said. Reread it, and if you still have the same crap to say, then and by the way, I am a grown woman. Not a little boy, you racist, stereotypical, bored-ass, son of a bitch, who has a lower IQ than my dumb ass dog. You haven't had to live the life of a minority so pull your head out of your ass, get some REAL research-like maybe live like us minorities have to-and then go realize how good you have it, you white-ass rich kid bastard. And good job by the way, you threw some big words in there to make you sound intelligent, too bad your argument still sucks."""
"""So you think Cigar Willie Clinton will help obongo win? Balack Obongo has learned his lesson too late. You cant trust a fuckingliberal. Just like you cant trust a liberal troll commenter."""
"""ATTENTION ALL WHITE PEOPLE: DO NOT BE COMFORTABLE SAYING NIGGA. I PERSONALLY WILL SLAP THE SHIT OUT OF YOU. SO WILL SOME OF MY FRIENDS. IT AS NOT ACCEPTABLE NO MATTER WHAT YOU WHAT TO THINK. JUST WHISPER IT UNDER YOUR BREATH LIKE YOU BEEN DOING!!!!!!!"""
"""ight kool...dont u know d shit u be saying would fuck u up some day,,watch and see my nigga..enough said"""
"""I just checked and there are many races mixed in Spain. If she called herself Hispanic, then she has that in her blood. You are so arrogant of an online troll that you THINK you know about people you can't possibly know about. It's sickening."""
"""That was the fuck of that lil cunts life ..goood job! !"""
"""Because the person is full of shit and has no one to talk to. Trying to stir shit. No one gives a shit about Perry anymore. He's in jail and on his way to prison where he will be squealing like a pig when Bubba gets a hold of him."""
"""NO THEY AREN'T.  ONLY YOU AND YOUR 5 NAMES"""
"""@NaturalBlues:disqus -- I used the cars from my train set as pretend rollerskates all the time. The worst accident though was when I tried to use them to go down the stairs in our apartment complex, not ride down a hill. I think that was an even worse idea than yours."""
"""That second picture of him is not that appealing, but it cancels out with that first picture. I still want you in my bed Kibum"""
"""If I didn't know better, I'd have thought you were the one who wrote this piece of tripe, in a Sacramento publication no less.  As for the career-long cheap-shot elbow-throwing adulterer, and accused rapist Saint Kobe boy, karma is a biatch, isn't it?  It doesn't matter.   Kobe-Dolt shouldn't even be mentioned in the same breath as Lebron.  The man-child couldn't carry his sack.  It's just something you, and other Faker fans can fantasize about.  As for you, my tiny little Faker worm...it's time to crawl back down into your little hole. Your old girls are going down soon.  You can bet on it.  I am.   Life is good."""
"""Are you proud of your trolls?"""
"""It was an out, doesn't matter how sloppy"""
"""Yes.  And HOW DARE YOU CALL ME ""FOOL""."""
"""LMAO. Do people who hate gays and lesbians really think protesting will get us to stop having kids and being a family?? You serious?? Its funny how everyone quotes the bible but it also says DIVORCE is a sin, BEING A DRUNKARD is a sin, BEING A BASTARD is a sin, CHEATING IS A SIN. Have you idiots not read the 10 commandments?? Those are ALL ABOMINATIONS! You anti-gay homophobes are so ignorant. Karma is a bitch. You just wait and see, haters."""
"""One season wonders - Its Game Over begging in the making"""
"""Excellent comments, my thoughts entirely."""
"""Great review. Thanks for the chance to win some of these."""
"""they make up for 85% of the scoring"""
"""You are the disgusting one."""
"""I'm with Missa- I think I would also prefer not strapless if possible."""
"""GD!!!!!..your stare!!!!i'm completely melt in your stare!!!OMG!!!!you're fucking handsome!!!!,,>.<do your have 3 diferrent hair colour this time?black,red and blue,nice combination.^      ^"""
"""We need to Tax the 49% of Americans that don't pay any Federal income Tax, they suck on the teat of the real Tax payers, but don't contribute anything. OWS, Commies."""
"""Heard there was some good high-level baseball talk over here. But after 100+ comments that read like bitter, bickering ex's, apparently not so much...Maybe another time."""
"""Fucking hot man.  Jeez, we look alike.  Love the fur.  Just wish you would share a pic of your dick."""
"""What they would've edited it to say?You really love showing how ignorant and blatantly brainwashed you are don't you? Covgrats, now we all know how much of a loser you are, fstaff."""
"""You're a fu cking idiot.  You don't even know what the word 'smart' means."""
"""Why did they interview you?Did you commit suicide?"""
"""So unfair again a young mother. I have doubts to me is suspicious as missed a party makes me wonder why?"""
"""When you <i>saw</i> him? Unless you saw him doing something gay (ie sex with another man, which would not only be very weird, I think it would clear up any confusion), I think that's kind of an assumption.Besides, why does his sexuality matter? It's not like it's going to affect you."""
"""If it ""had no nexus to his elected sheriff position"", then why are they subjecting him to this witch hunt paid by the tax payers?"""
"""Chucklefuckers next door to Fuddruckers for a bite before the show."""
"""Sorry, but did anyone else laugh at the 1st guy's pics.Oh my life, chavman."""
"""You talked to grade school kids with strong opinions on Bill Maher today?You're a f ucking liar."""
"""@WetShoes http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGQiEsD2pF4"""
"""And my dad can beat up your dad"""
"""I don't understand your comment. I don't know who Barack Hussein Kardashian is. US Congress and President are the Feds that I was referring to, so no, I didn't forget them. If you are implying that Obama is owned by corporate lobbyists...DUH."""
"""What an incredible accidental tragedy.  Condolences, of course, and prayers for all."""
"""donnie  should have taken him out sooner.....True...oh so true...."""
"""you're not stupid, just dumb"""
"""you're too easy"""
"""Nigga old, his memory aint like it used to be."""
"""The only sad part of the story was that he didn't crash.  Oh well.:("""
"""The child molester calling someone a racist, too funny! And then you make a gay slur, hilarious!"""
"""You are a traitor."""
"""Yes they do. Our time is approaching."""
"""EXACTLY WHY IS SHE A CELEB"""
"""And what happens when a bunch of religious fanatics defend a pedophile?  Gee, sounds like the Catholic church!  You are a disgusting piece of work."""
"""If you think it's is so insignificant, why are you spending time commenting, unless you are a troll and can't help yourself. Get a life."""
"""You are underestimating the East where actual defense resides.  The Spurs are awesome, I would give them a shot, but if OKC won somehow the Heat would beat them."""
"""Just those three.....the others who beat up Rodney in California aren't any better."""
"""Ten Reasons Why Gay Marriage is Wrong01) Being gay is not natural. Real Americans always reject unnatural things like eyeglasses, polyester, and air conditioning.02) Gay marriage will encourage people to be gay, in the same way that hanging around tall people will make you tall.03) Legalizing gay marriage will open the door to all kinds of crazy behavior. People may even wish to marry their pets because a dog has legal standing and can sign a marriage contract.04) Straight marriage has been around a long time and hasn't changed at all; women are still property, blacks still can't marry whites, and divorce is still illegal.05) Straight marriage will be less meaningful if gay marriage were allowed; the sanctity of Britany Spears' 55-hour just-for-fun marriage would be destroyed.06) Straight marriages are valid because they produce children. Gay couples, infertile couples, and old people shouldn't be allowed to marry because our orphanages aren't full yet, and the world needs morechildren.07) Obviously gay parents will raise gay children, since straight parents only raise straight children.08) Gay marriage is not supported by religion. In a theocracy like ours,the values of one religion are imposed on the entire country. That's why we have only one religion in America.09) Children can never succeed without a male and a female role model at home. That's why we as a society expressly forbid single parents to raise children.10) Gay marriage will change the foundation of society; we could never adapt to new social norms. Just like we haven't adapted to cars, the service-sector economy, or longer life spans."""
"""Hey, Boehner, gimme that dress - I need more motivation.  SNNNNNNNIIIIIIFFFFFFFFFFF.Yeh, I'm ready.  Let's go make a spectacle of ourselves again.And again.And again."""
"""well, i guess.. they were his personal words tho. do whatcha want!"""
"""If anyone wants to know I think a couple dozen comparable rule lists from others religions should be placed along side this one+a list from a respectable humanist organizaiton."""
"""go fuck yourself."""
"""I must admit I'm totally speechless. One of the all time classics!!! Truly enigmatic. I am absolutely star struck! Wow. You hit it on the head Rob.I feel likes itting back and trying to understand the depths of what I just heard. Incredible!!!"""
"""Shudup and pay your fair share for a change you greedy cracker.  You sound like a jew when yous tart whining about money, it's time you paided your fair share."""
"""Ha ha, Anthony is idiot.  He thinks he knows basketball but is too dumb to know he is dumb."""
"""""I feel sorry for other grandparents that didnt have love and respect of their grandchildren.""---------------------------------------Hold it right there, grandma.Is a hug ""love,"" or is it ""respect""? A child can show you proper respect without hugging you. Your inability to discern the distinction between the two is what's holding you back from understanding this column."""
"""It is an attack of their opinions, their twisted and idiotic opinions. Teach your children the word of God for it is not for you to damn them to the river of fire. Ignorance will not be an accepted excuse come judgement day. May God Bless you and open your eyes to his word."""
"""If you're seeing him while having a heart attack, fuck yes.  Yes, you do need health insurance or the hospital is going to take everything you ever owned."""
"""@Blaine Jungwirth @clemsaucy Futurama style"""
"""Are you talking about ""that god-damned piece of paper"" that Mr Bush swore to defend?"""
"""Maybe he's recently resurrected from the dead.. let's not be quick to judgement.. you try knowing right from wrong when your stomach is empty and your skull is full of worms and maggotts..  let me tell ya... it's not that easy!!"""
"""bradly won...and boxing is fixed..im not a pacman dick rider and i hoped he lost but i saw the whole fight and pacman dominated this dude the whole fucking time.... bob arum fighters are all suspect....  mayweather was smart to stay away.. holy shit."""
"""Hey Libturd...You and your kind HATE our flag and all it represents. How dare you use that name and flag symbol ! You want to see Radicals ???? Go to The White House and look around. Nothing BUT radicals from wall to wall,"""
"""1. It's clean. 2. It's not shaved. Right there is all I want. If I'm eating your pussy, my dear, it's because I want to smell and taste you!"""
"""Great review. I would love to try one of these."""
"""Wrong again - look it up fool. The list of ""SB winner w/ Hall of Fame QBs at the helm"" is NOT ENDLESS. Not even close you boob. Quit talking out of your ass. Scatterbrain is a good name for you - afixing your IQ to the end of it is also a nice touch."""
"""USA,USA USA,WHAT A BUNCH FUCKING BULLSHIT!!!!!!"""
"""Mets are enjoying life right now. And as much as it annoys me, it doesn't bother me, I'm kind of happy for them like a big brother looking at his loser little brother trying to better themselves. GOOD FOR YOU LITTLE METS :)"""
"""@Wubbles that puck movement was something to behold"""
"""@topharry123  could not agree with you more, these flowers will be gone in  a few weeks however this lad chose to live his life that way and now it has ended and his family and friends have chosen this way to show their grief. No, most of us law abiding citizens don't agree (quite rightly) with his choice of profession or the way that it has been shown in his floral arrangements but come on this is HIS funeral and HIS family and friends so why can't they say what they want and don't want even if it is really distasteful."""
"""Chris Moyles is ace, they all make me laugh in the morning and gear me up for work! keep up the good work! """
"""Hit like if you miss Pervy Sage. T T"""
"""All because of his stance on abortion??  And maybe women??Seriously, I despise that man.  He will get his ass kicked"""
"""I have on more than one occasion tried to engage you in decent conversation.But your into the personal attacks and name calling.I will correct you when you are wrong and pass on the ridicule. Let's see if you have any moral decency in you. Sting and surley seem to think so."""
"""waaaahbut I promise you're a WINNERWe ARE ALL WINNERS!!!YAY!!!!!HIP HIP HOORAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Feel better now?"""
"""Thank You! You just proved to everyone here that you possess an IQ of no higher than 20."""
"""You don't appear to be familiar with the Obama campaign, which is a bit surprising."""
"""It is bad!  I can't even begin to reflect and do justice to how much damage this program has caused children-  I was dealing with kids in and out of foster care- know of many who were abused, lots on drugs and alcohol now because of abuses- NO ONE CARES- give the fosters $ and close the door- if you have a working fire/smoke alarm and lock up your guns you are GOOD to go"""
"""hats off Aamir Sir , AAMIR JI AAP KA YE SHOW HAR INSAAN KI SOCH BADAL DEGA ! HUMANBING HAREK ISAAN ME HONA JARURI HEY OR ESI BUNIYAD PE DUNIYA KAYAM HEY OR RAHEGI ! EK BHARTIYA HO NE KE NAATE HAMARA SAB KA YE FARZ HE KI SACHE HINDUSTANI HO NE KA FARZ ADA KARE OR HAMARE HO SAKE ITNI INSAANIYAD KO BADHAWA DE."""
"""HAHAHAHAHAHA, under OB everyone gets free stuff, even the judges.  Too bad I am paying for their free stuff."""
"""And you are..?"""
"""Ellen  DeGeneres thanked â??The Oâ??Reilly Factorâ?? host Bill Oâ??Reilly this week after  the Fox host called out critics who demanded Ellen be fired as a spokeswoman for  JCPenney stores due to her sexual orientation.After DeGeneres, host of â??The Ellen Showâ?? was  announced as a spokesperson for the department store, a conservative group known  as the Million Moms slammed the decision to have a lesbian represent the  store.But on an episode of â??The Oâ??Reilly Factorâ?? Monday  Oâ??Reilly said he didnâ??t think firing DeGeneres was in keeping with â??the spirit  of America.â??â??What is the difference between a McCarthy era  communist blacklist in the 50s and the Million Moms saying, â??Hey, JCPenney and  all you other stores, donâ??t you hire any gay people, donâ??t you dareâ?? What is the  difference?â?? Oâ??Reilly said.On her show Wednesday, DeGeneres thanked him saying, â??you didnâ??t really make it clear if you were going to shop at JCPenney but if  you do you can use my employee discount any time you want.â??Read more: http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2012/02/09/ellen-degeneres-thanks-bill-oreilly-for-defending-her-in-jcpenney-debate/?intcmp=obnetwork#ixzz1mP79n1wN"""
"""Holder appoints two prosecutors to find the leaks is a joke,isn't it??   I don't know the backgrounds of either man, but I bet they will run into the same stonewalling that Rep. Issa and others  have encountered with Holder. He is adept at sidestepping the Chicago way!"""
"""@kevmille I haven't been to Sasebo. I visited Fukuoka once while visiting my cousin in Kita-Kyushu which is also nearby.  Fukuoka has a large arcade like you described in Sasebo.  Fukuoka is a nice place for a day trip."""
"""the Star box allows you to link your comment to Facebook and Twitter. You can go to your profile and change settings. If you click back on yellow star it will return to grey"""
"""Thoughts & prayers to you and your family."""
"""Jerome the fruit.. the worlds STILL isn't going to accept you and your sodomite father doing each other to unconsciousness.. get over it"""
"""Still proclaiming your stupidity"""
"""A few Thunder fans here don't seem to want to acknowledge that they lost Game 1. All they seem to say is:It was on the road, so it's no big dealIt was only 3 points, so it was no big dealManu won't score like that again, so it was no big dealIt was only one game, so it was no big dealSpurs fans are idiots, so it was no big dealThunder will win Game 2, so it was no big dealDurant/Westbrook/Harden are awesome, so it was no big dealTony Parker didn't score a lot of points, so it was no big dealThe fact is, 75% of teams winning the first game of a 7 game series win the series. A playoff loss is a big deal. Period. There are plenty of games left, but making excuses is just a waste of time."""
"""@truth-spin please define the 'job'...."""
"""First off, I'm a girl you piece of shit and spawn of the devil. Second, RESEARCH MY NAME AND IT WILL COME OUT AS SON OF LUCIFER? REAAAAALLY? I PITY YOUR PARENTS, HAVING A CHILD AS BUGO AS YOU. YOU KEEP SAYING I AM THE FATHER OF THIS, FATHER OF THAT, UNYA? IS THAT THE BEST YOU CAN COME UP WITH? BRING IT ON DIPSHIT, BRING IT."""
"""@Fitz Fuck you, NSA. Write it down."""
"""Ah.  You're one of *those* guys (self-flagellating alt-tech guy)."""
"""Vote for Barack Obama.  Because if you don't, Mitt Romney will be your President."""
"""ugh they're so fucking flawless and gorgeous. Can I have them both?"""
"""It was fabulous.  Elvis was there and he stole the show.  Of course, the bride was gorgeous too.  LOL"""
"""A lot of money so u can sit on your ass."""
"""I live in Michigan, and there's a meth lab right down the road that got busted. What say you?"""
"""jk i actually think its cool to see minnesota's resurgence"""
"""Sanyu I suggest you get over cute and become competent (intellectually ) if you reasoned like Buess I would think you are compentent. The way you sound makes me think your brain is in you panties. Bluess Great reasoning , great questioning and indeed you showed a sense of patriotism.Sanyu pull your brain out of your panties, have it in the right place you might reason better than you do here"""
"""Julissa is fuuucking annoying"""
"""@Natesweet  Heh. You said ""tightly"". Then you said ""loosely""."""
"""Hi Mary....loving this weather!  unfortunately can't go far....it figures."""
"""I hope you liberals/progressives/soc ialists/com munists who are commenting here are really proud of yourselves with your fi lth y comments about AB.Â  Keep it up.Â  It shows who you really are, a bunch of snarky, ha te ful, elitist, de cei tful, and dec eived useful id i ots of the dark.Â  Crawl away slim ers."""
"""Yet here you are, day after day, supporting the paper by clicking on links and making comments, increasing site traffic.You just cant cure stupid."""
"""Waves back, while holding up a sign saying:""The pipe works better if you light it"""""
"""WTF are you talking about? & more important shit? like taking time out of your life to comment on me calling another nigga ugly? Hmm yeah your still in middle school."""
"""I hope the gobbly gooker is a unlockable character  on wwe 13"""
"""I'm no liberal you cocksucker, just not so stupid a fucker as to shoot a kid going for candy... You're a puzzy that is scared of shadows."""
"""The KKK...The Klu Klux Klan...the military wing of The Democratic Party?LOL!"""
"""You calling others ignorant assholes!!! HAHAHAH that is a fucking joke"""
"""Added those quotes at beginning and end of the track. Bwahaha. It's alsum."""
"""rec just shut your mouth with your neo-nazism. you are just a weak minded social reject compelled to strong leaders like hitler because you cant fend for yourself."""
"""One of our best and most honorable Presidents."""
"""If its so lame why did you read this or for that matter search this topic maybe you should think a little more before you make yourself look like a fucking hippocrate."""
"""yes man fell our pain but on the other hand we can handle they ass you just need to show em who boss they can get they little attitude as long as they dont cross that line"""
"""you are an ignorant piece of sh#t."""
"""Is it just me or does that picture of David Brock scream "" I can suck start a B 52 """""
"""@diablonn  finally someone else seems to get it, it's just a game get over it people. as someone who has actually been in combat i appreciate them actually talking to people who have seen it. todd if you want to realism join the military these are games, games are fun. your mad because of a regenerative health if that's the case don't play shooters.  todd's logic is rediculous the combat isn't realistic really, no $#@!. hey todd just play red river and stop writing articles about this subject, . and like i said I'm a vet and the game dosn't piss me off your pissing me off. it seems to me you think your doing hard nose journalism by questioning the realism of a videogame, well todd in reality you failed and instead of badgering them because they used the word ""authenticity"" maybe you should spend more time reading a dictionary"""
"""Well considering Lebron James is pretty damn good in the post season exluding the finals and Peyton hasn't played his best in the post season it'd have to be Lebron (Peyton is not a choker though)"""
"""Obama commands the lead in under 36k a year and under  bracket only. ROMNEY is ahead for 36k and above incomes."""
"""That hexagonal crown matches the watch so well.  As for modern watches, I love the seiko orange monster."""
"""I'm a butch woman: won't you come try and whoop my ass you weak ass sniffling  little troll???? In fact better yet bring your wife along,,she's almost hot,and I'm sure she'd hightail it away from you BOY!!!!! :*"""
"""I can understand your appreciation for Jack, but did you really have to let us know what people call you?  Next time please remember to check your punctuation ---you left the period out after ""starts""."""
"""I am not ""dude""....you moron! Go back to your mothers"""
"""If you had a login, you can find for yourself that Apple did not invent nor is the technqiue used to pack in more pixels new, on DisplaySearch:http://www.displaysearch.com/cps/rde/xchg/displaysearch/hs.xsl/index.asp The technique here along with the iPad was invented by engineers in Sharp & a japanese display materials manufacturer (JSR)"""
"""Were the people who were against civil rights as dumb and angry as the people who are against gay rights?Â Pretend for a moment that you put the Constitution and Bill of Rights as your highest documents when evaluating U.S. laws and policies. Â How can you possibly contend that gay marriage is an issue at all?Â The only way that you can contend that this is a huge issue is if you put the Bible ahead of the Constitution and Bill of Rights--ignoring that this anti-tolerance thing isn't even universal across Christianity. Â So why again should religion be a leading factor in whether the legal and financial agreement that is marriage is allowed between two consenting adults, regardless of gender?Â """
"""way to go Sweden getting your ass handed to you by Americans.Â """
"""RAYS LOSE !!! RAYS LOSE !!! BALTIMORE ON BRINK OF LOSING! oh ya baby, Red Sox are on edge of a win against Verlander!"""
"""Thank God the western conference playoffs continue today. The East is pure garbage."""
"""Are you guys fucking retarded ? you're trying to take pictures of these girls ?! you guys are worse than the scum of the earth"""
"""Yes. But he had a distinct view on this continent in particular. Something to the effect they had gold and diamonds literally in the dirt beneath their feet, yet, in the thousands of years they walked its surface they never bothered to look down and imagine the possibilities. He elaborates on the subject."""
"""Yes, he should of asked politely, ""please stop shagging my daughter"""""
"""pepes list updated:BEST PLACE TO GET YOUR DICK SUCKED:Hialeah swag's housebetween him and his mom te sacan la espumita"""
"""Are you in Thailand?"""
"""@jasamoah25 your a gloyte, do one"""
"""What are you talking about?"""
"""A car wreck?  This looks more like a 500 car pileup on a fog-shrouded icy road to me! Those involved in the crash at the front can hear the vehicles crashing one-by-one in the back with no end in sight."""
"""I sure hope Bravo shares this as I have posted before and have never been published."""
"""Let me educate you. You don't go vote for the nominee that is a 0 vote.A Obama supporter votes for Obama.Plus one for Obama.Now if you vote for the nominee it washes that plus one out to 0.See how easy that was."""
"""NoyNoy Aquino is an ugly MOTHER F U C K E R!"""
"""the obama nation will rise"""
"""He will be charged with vehicular homicide. He will probably do 18 months in a juvenile facility, and get his record expunged after completing probation."""
"""Why don't the citizens of Chicago that live in that area protect themselves?  They can think Mayor Daley and the rest of the puking liberals for this type of violence.  Yes, that is correct.  The puking liberals have taken away the rights of the everyday citizen.  If every law abiding citizen had the right to have a CCW then things would be different.  I say, just go ahead and carry.  It is better to be judged by 12 then be carried by 6.  If a few of these punks would be shot by a citizen I believe the punks would think twice before attacking citizens.  And don't tell me it happens in other cities.  49 states have CCW and they do not have these types of problems.  Wake Up people and stop waiting for the police to protect you and protect yourself.Thank you"""
"""What's funny as hell is Rooster and you being married, retard."""
"""Chasm when you spam like the village idiot you are you will never get any converts to your stupid political bias cause ......  Nice pointy tin foil hat you got there too bud!"""
"""Or Rob-Me Scissor Hands giving school kids a hair cut."""
"""Would it make ya feel any better if he was molesting girls? You're really dumb, but you're dumb by choice. You choose to ignore everyone telling you facts, but you choose to be dumb."""
"""fucking hotest blowjob ever"""
"""Ustaadji, You are the greatest!"""
"""Fuck"""
"""Kuyt will wait to see what the new manager says about his playing time next season before he bolts."""
"""you are a fool"""
"""sorry are you lost little boy the men are talking please take your whineing else were and notice how no body sad anything about cod"""
"""Probably, it is Memorial Day after all, a good joke on Barajas part and a sign of a wounded vet"""
"""So I guess all the person had to do in the article was bitch constantly about a game that so many people have bitched about for ages and then they win the bitches over? Wow. As far as ""Stop trivializing violence"" goes. Why dont you stop sounding like a big ass c*** sucker and don't play games with violence then. I get so tired of all these holy sounding types that get touchy about video game violence. I've seen Blood Diamond a dozen times with the kids killing and getting killed and it doesn't even phase me one bit only because its not real, sure there is an emotional sense there but not enough to make me write to Hollywood saying gay sh*t like Stop trivializing violence because its disgusting. Why does a game have to tone it down when movies don't? I'm not defending COD in the slightest, and that's because I don't really care about the game. But when I read the headline of the article I was curious to see what others were going to say, but I knew hands down it was going to be an attempt to throw punches at a series that has sold a lot of copies already. All I can say is, it doesn't matter how ""YOU"" feel when every other gamer that plays the game probably can just deal with the game no matter if it changes or not. Sitting on your overgrown ass complaining about a game being this and being that just because you don't like it is stupid as hell. I hate JRPG games and why I also hate Anime with a passion because I can't stand cute crap, I hate that overly sensitive BS with the characters, I don't like Japanese music either unless its instrumental War drums or something out of Samurai Warriors or Kessen where it doesn't begin and end with a stupid Asian chick trying to sound like shes an innocent little annoying 11 or 13 year old...I hate high pitch whiny sounding voices too and no Japanese voice acting does not mean better over American voice acting because it still sucks regardless. But I don't go near the stuff (even though my brother plays JRPG games a lot, and that means I can't really escape it when we're both in the same room and I'm studying while he's just playing his sissy games). The fact still stands that I don't INTENTIONALLY go near things I hate just so I can whine about hating it like COD haters constantly go near Call of Duty to claim that they hate the game when its easier to just simply stay away from it, don't buy it, try to pretend like it doesn't even exist. I will not lie to anybody. I like violence in my games. People that walk around with a d*ck up there ass crying foul about CGI characters dying and getting hurt probably scream when the doctor comes at them with a needle. As far as Call of Duty having to change goes. Well, that depends on whether or not a lot of people want it to change, and not just the people that bash the game on a consistent basis either. I'm talking about people that really feel or believe it should change a few things and have accurate reasons why. Just simply saying ""COD is for 13 year olds and needs to change this or that""...If anything the COD players are the ones that should change."""
"""we are trying hard to beat Yankees so you pick up a game on them :)"""
"""Very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very important studies?"""
"""A role model to fools, idiots and rubes."""
"""You don't seem to understand basic business concepts."""
"""That's ridiculous, everyone knows men from mars are purple"""
"""Who needs these agencies? - We can determine for ourselves what is good.  Who needs some ""authority"" to tell us what is right or wrong as to collective impact on the planet.We would still be pouring waste oil in the ground to cheaply dispose of it if that mind-set were allowed to predominate."""
"""What you don't know about gulags....check out the history of the Soviet Union.  Warning:  it may disillusion you about communism and Comrade Stalin."""
"""""LEBRON, DURANt, YOU TWO DIDN'T DESERVE MVP.""'-Tony Parker"""
"""Taxing people at different levels is not redistribution of wealth you fucking retard.  That's like saying a fat person is redistributing fat by eating more."""
"""Stop wasting our air you idiot."""
"""@Eustace Tilley 2.0 @David @YankeeClipper1 That's 'cause you're not getting enough oxygen.. she sucked it all out of the room..."""
"""How can you possibly be such an ass hole all the time? Jesus, this is exhausting. People that say they have big dicks generally have small ones. Hahah, believe it or not, I defended your bitch ass when you first joined the website. Pussy."""
"""I'm great RHunt. You got to see a terrific game today!"""
"""Golly....that's cold comfort. But none to worry....by the end of THIS month Israel will have taken care of the entire issue with Iran and Syria with one real nasty blow. Allah 'aint so 'great' after all. """
"""I am going to hate all over this page because Im homophobic..... FUCK OFF LESBIAN GOOD THING THAT BITCH DIED ONE LESS LESBO IN THE WORK"""
"""If it walks like a Duck....and Quacks like a Duck...it's either Guest speaking or, in fact, a Duck....."""
"""@lltrix@mass murdoch If you're going to call someone either stupid or ignorant, you should probably end the question you ask afterward with a question mark, not a period."""
"""Lucky you, Sasha, so what's your beef?  Other folks' taxes are paying for your ride."""
"""Â Too many. Like it or not, we're suck with him for another 4 years unless the Republicans can pull a rabbit out of a hat. The best we can hope for is a Republican controlled house and senate."""
"""Heaven forbid someone who is a bit of a celebrity, should express non-Liberal views.Â  As a hockey fan myself, I really don't think the very talented Mr. Thomas needs to answer to any lame-ass sports reporters...or anyone else.Â  He's entitled to his opinions.Â  After all, prior to the current Administration, we used to uphold FREE SPEECH FOR EVERYONE.Besides, he's a Stanley Cup champion.Â  'Nuff said."""
"""#nWo4FuckingLife"""
"""All da hoes love me, you know what it is.  Rack City @bitch:disqus"""
"""DO YOUR JOB IN HATE LOSER"""
"""Crawl back under your bridge you miserable pathetic troll."""
"""You are full of schnike sir."""
"""ponyfags fuck off"""
"""THIS IS FUCKING PRIMORDIAL!"""
"""2010 he rushed 18 for 60. 2011 52 for 170. I think the threat of him running loosened up the pass defense last year."""
"""Racism will die when white people stop being racist."""
"""You are completely clueless."""
"""Iran is going to be blow up one way or the other. Give it up! """
"""I am a sales arborist in the DC Metro area. I have grown all too accustomed to the status quo set by Service Magic. As a credentialed and educated professional in my field it has become quite disturbing to work with the environment that Service Magic has created, i.e. a false sense of qualification of vendors to the consumer. I have spoken with many arborists from other firms in our region and all say the same thing. This could have been a beneficial service, but without demanding proper insurance and credentials from its vendors it simply becomes a means for the unlicensed and uninsured vendors to gain business they are not qualified to perform. This also leaves the qualified professionals, such as myself, without a fair cost comparison to offer our clients. The fact of the matter is, companies pay tens of thousands of dollars a year for proper insurance, not to mention the cost of education to aquire proper credentials. Service Magic comes along and opens up an outlet for those who have not performed their due diligence in aquiring these necessary benchmarks to practice their craft to be solicited to the masses as ""qualified vendors"". It's a shame and has become a menace to the integrity of my profession and those of us who have worked hard and payed countless dollars to make ourselves a true qualified vendor. My hope is that the people at Service Magic make immediate change in their qualification of vendors."""
"""nolimits3333 please consider helping with the President Obama campaign, we need people like you"""
"""Until Medical staff are held Accountable in a Court of Law mistakes like this are always Gonna happen NHS Trusts dont care about fines as it is ony Tax Payers money and not there own"""
"""Having read many of Drago's other comments on this site, it is not shocking he doesn't ""get"" Game of Thrones.Hodor has more sense."""
"""because we got that dback killer zito going in game 1 he is undefeated vs your dbacks this year  lol  that don't get old ever"""
"""I'll buy the rope so the tax payers don't have to choke up any money. C/W shovel."""
"""You can get treatment for your dillusional inferiority complex, you sad little troll."""
"""a lot like you and your life huh?"""
"""Damnit GW, don't be such a pussy. You liked the white you should have stuck with the white."""
"""Proof?  Or just another unfounded ridiculous republican opinion.  What, were you watching fox news when they talked about the study that said fox news watchers are stupid?  You have just proven them right.  congratulations"""
"""We knew we were in trouble from day One...  Nobel Peace Prize,...For What??? What aFucking Joke"""
"""I'm so happy for them! They really deserve it."""
"""Your buddies repub turd,raibox,cyndyb,nww nav are all having a party with the Obama blow up doll. You should join in before the kool-aid gets warm!"""
"""They certainly have hospitals for the criminally insane which, judging from what I've read of his verified history, is where Kimberlin probably needs to be."""
"""@NotBornEveryMin @Mickey Bitsko @'Micah Carter I'm not going to make this easy for you.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3zAdRfpb2k """
"""In 1928 the federal government only consumed 12% of the national wealth. Today it consumes more than 40%."""
"""No you are just stupid."""
"""The first draft dodger who became president was Bill Clinton"""
"""MASSIVE PISSTAK*"""
"""Maybe they did so thanks to jeff van gundy's outcry on that."""
"""My issue is not with the shoes.  I don't care about them.  If they invoke a certain response or emotion from someone it's not up to you or I to say someone should feel that emotion.  WHo the heck are you.  That's how Jesse feels.  That's not how ALL black people and these comments demonstrate one of the reasons why race relations have a long way to go.  There are too many ignorant people still breathing to have a serious dialogue about it.  Stop telling everyone how they should feel and maybe just listen.  No one told the majority of Americans not to have an emotional response to 911...despite the fact that they weren't impacted directly. Did anyone berate you about getting over your hurt?   You understand how you can be moved in that instance..but other people are just crazy because they weren't a slave?  You want to dictate how people talk...walk...dress...go the bathroom...etc.. There seems to be no limit.  Adidas has every right to sell the shoe and people have every right to express how they feel about it.  You know..the same way you express how you felt about 911."""
"""And he shrugs off his rock once again...TonyRetardo!"""
"""You are a  really well-rounded idiot, aren't you?"""
"""@Mickey Bitsko @'Micah Carter I'm sorry, what is your dispute... what is your argument? You're asking me to check what out in particular?"""
"""Yuck imagine knowing a total fucking douche like you!  Your mom should have swallowed dude!  She did this world an injustice!"""
"""Ok now your getting silly, which is not a surprise coming from liberals like you"""
"""When you know you are little by little achieving your goals, It will help us inspire ourselves."""
"""Must be what happened when they saw you Soledad.  Wearing your thong and  nipple ring as you went to sleep in your fox hole...secretly dreaming of the soldier next to you."""
"""I'd rather see you getting lynched!"""
"""Those chicks are badass. I would be puking if I had to drink a shot glass of either of those."""
"""OMG Jesse Jackson, go back to your cave. Slavey is over and has been over. As a country we know we messed up but to our defence it was tribal leaders who sold the slaves to us but regardless. Slavery was ""officially"" ended over 200 years ago and I doubt anyone alive is a former slave so cry me a river build a bridge and get over it already. You wouldve thought all those people standing on that one soapbox, it wouldve broke"""
"""For a stupid, ugly girl, she seems to have gone rather well for herself, Big house, expensive cars, millions in the bank. Still, I suppose all those girls crticizing her can match that, and are better looking as well. And the fellas have better looking birds. Yeah right. """
"""Wait till you see my Romney imitation:  ""I love firing people,"" ""Corporations are people my friends"" and my favorite, ""I'm not concerned about poor people."""""
"""You are a victim of the modern educational system."""
"""@MIBearFan  Touche. Just letting you know: I plan on talking an inordinate amount of shit about this. OUT OF ALL PROPORTION, I SAY!"""
"""To anyone bothering to evaluate Obama on his words and actions, vs. having someone else do the evaluation for them, he has never been anything but a pragmatic centrist.  The problem with such a position is that the extreme left will claim a betrayal to an ideology never subscribed to, the extreme right has made it crystal clear that not only do they consider liberals sub-human criminals but they have no patience for moderates of any stripe, and the overwhelming majority of people who are in the middle are not political wonks and don't have the time necessary to try and figure out the truth through all the spin so they are unfortunately left with the impressions of whatever sensationalist press last got their attention."""
"""Gee, scholarships for blacks only, can you say ""racism?"""""
"""cy said 22  june wins that is looking  pretty  close right now"""
"""@donpardo or... it's our worst nightmare as we slide to the 3rd or possibly 4th best QB in the division. MERCY"""
"""I bet you take monstrous shits."""
"""You are despicable and disgusting."""
"""I think one might get rabies from biting you. Do you actually read what you type? You're a psycho. And you may be newish here, but you sound like this old fart who used to fill this forum with similar mindless drivel. Why do you hate Romney so much? Clearly even such a mentally senile old dip stick like yourself recognizes that he is nothing more than the white version of Barrack Obama. I don't really think you're on drugs. Only someone mentally disturbed can sound like a as much a crackpot as you do."""
"""UT... There's obviously a bit of sarcasm mixed in with some common sense in the post. Thanks for reading. Have a nice weekend!"""
"""And he helped to remove Mubarak by???????????  Oh I forgot, he was demonstrating in Cairo all those nights back in 2010.  You are so blinded by your own political stupidity."""
"""You're reaching.  I am a proud American.  You're still an idiot."""
"""u are a sick moron"""
"""The Boy just can't help it.  lol!  ""A Slime a Day will keep Obummer Away!""   Go Slick Willy!I guess you really can't call it a ""slime"" when he is kinda telling the truth.  Romney 2012!"""
"""Hey Wade, why don't stop doing your hater and start argue with arguements? Actually, you are not really useful, not at all."""
"""A California bill mandating that public school textbooks be re-written to encourage u201cgay,u201d lesbian, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) lifestyles passed the Senate Committee on Education Wednesday.Senate Bill 48, proposed by openly homosexual senator Mark Leno of San Francisco, passed the committee in a 6-3-1 vote. The bill would require that teachers and textbooks present alternate lifestyles in a positive light, with instruction in subjects such as history, psychology, political science, and communication in public school classrooms. The ten-member committee, comprised mainly of Democrats, unanimously favored the bill, backed by Equality California and the Gay Straight Alliance Network.Leave the kids alone.  Don't indoctrinate them.  Why is this in the schools?"""
"""You are the fake."""
"""strongly agreed, they are born and destined to killed with d support of their imam & their leaders, they are blood suckers. their 10th generation will never no peace. group of  beggars!"""
"""So you are a serbian traditionalist retard?What about serbian mafia, like Zemun clan and Arkan?You hypocrisy is laughable."""
"""mrbreeze68: that marks you a dumb Arab."""
"""""Madden. Mass Effect, Battlefield, Need For Speed. Those games all have competitors"" IGN biasd EA gave us money LIE!!Show me the motherfucking compitition for Madden PLEASE PLEASE prove me wrong, untill then...make sure you stop trying to act like your just generally interested in why we hate EA and not paid by them to ask this question. Your some greedy fucks just like them and your not fooling anyone but the middle schoolers."""
"""Makes you a filthy nasty poor trash racist loser."""
"""Honey, you're only getting a taste of your own medicine here. You're one of the biggest internet bullies and a dumb one at that. How many times have you called other girls whores and prostitutes or made racist statements, but, of course, when you do it it's totally something else. May I remind you when you had to publicly apologize to Dawn Yang for the things you said about her and when you called women liars who were raped by a man which you deemed 'too good looking' to rape someone? Don't start your faux feminist shit when you don't have a fucking clue about what it means to respect women. You deserve all the backlash and more because, face it, you're an asshole."""
"""Nice one Gordon,you can do Becks pie n mash for him.Please stay there..."""
"""Thats why you use a hollow point."""
"""Yeah you remember that support they gave Wisconsin once they figured out it was a losing bet. Obama and Uncle Joe have your back as long ass you win. Otherwise, you are of no use to them. Now that's leadership you can believe in."""
"""@Eustace Tilley 2.0 @David Knocked you out of character for a while, though ;)"""
"""@Jerky lol. i've once sent a choccie cake to seattle. so don't dare me."""
"""Just a question. If a player is injured or sick he/she is expected to take medications. Right? And some of those medications could have an unintended side effects like improved stamina or shortened recovery time. Correct? There are quite a few players on tour who seems to be chronically injured or ill. No?"""
"""Some village is missing their idiot."""
"""Hmmm...and of course, dummies all over are going to buy it."""
"""bless her r.i.p xx"""
"""I know ""temp"" engineers that work for OEMs and they make more than their counterparts, just no beneifts."""
"""Calmer than you"""
"""teach your children:TO be a parasitical glommer-onner, a worthless vile wretched puke who does not create a thing, but who loves to lie, swindle, cheat, its way into possession of the works of others and then take over their lives and tell them what is best for them, even if they must slay innocents to do it- takes a special kind of criminally insane hysterical pig freakery that can only be summed up in one word: democrats."""
"""Aw... da poor Amber is out of clever retorts so he resorts to 4 year old parrot tactics... Lol!!  :)  You've now regressed beyond what that 7 year old bully did to you!  Bravo!! Perhaps we can regress you to the point that you spit up on youself like an infant?"""
"""Yeah, Leon.  I mean, you kinda should shut the fuck up if you're going to be critical of anyone with that avi up.  It's too easy.  Almost like a person with Downs Syndrome (sp) getting beside themselves and calling another (Non-Downs) person stupid during an unfortunate episode.  Knock that shit off, sir.  Your entire cyber being is rife with ridiculousness."""
"""I wish him well, but athletics are tough when you've lost your confidence"""
"""The last few weeks? Seems like a bit of an exaggeration don't you think? I haven't seen that much shit around here besides Angry's latest blog about that 777 guy."""
"""THIS FAGGOT WILL FLOP"""
"""Who cares though. This cannot be used as an excuse to treat someone as a lesser person. Would you want to ban marriage between men and women who are sterile? What about the fact that gay couples can raise children and increase the fitness of humans who are already alive?It's completely silly when one tries to use evolution as a way to justify why gay couples should be prevented from being treated equally."""
"""I post facts to dispute your numerous claims. You choose to ignore them and believe the chain email instead. Your choice, not mine."""
"""I love swuishing and eating my foot long terds. Call me stinky. That is what everyone else calls me."""
"""I've heard tell that there won't be any new POV characters in the next 2 books."""
"""You liberal, socialist, communist democrats better understand what you are wishing for.  If you really believe what you say you believe, why don't you just move to Russia or some other communist country and enjoy the ride there."""
"""being cocky is good as ever!! ahahah XD"""
"""fuck robots!"""
"""why don't your wife blow all offÂ the liberals for a quarter each and donate the money,,,????"""
"""Animal Planet told that Mermaids are real."""
"""I FEEL LIKE I RAISED THEM AND THEN WATCHED THEM GRADUATE! SO PROUD! They had no Sones in the audience, no fantastic stage, no pre-interview or fan chants or anything and they ROCKED IT! SO FUCKING PROUD! Ya'll don't even KNOW!Â And my god, that had to be the first time i've watched a FULL episode of Letterman and sweet Jesus, people watch this? Where the hell did they pull Bill Murray's old ass from? And Regis, go rest man, you've done so much, I know it's hard to turn off of work mode but goodness just go home.Â """
"""I will say this though if the celts can be the heat in this series it may be more impressive than when they won the finals because of how beat up they are"""
"""well then let private equity funds invest in green energy. At least they look at whether the company has a viable chance to succeed, and they don't allow political cronyism come into play when they make their decision."""
"""I am not your friend, fool. I am not a slave. I am free. I love the USA. You have have your head up your lower orfice."""
"""It's been done. Don't you read other people's comments?"""
"""i think both of you need to grow up and stop arguing over a fuckin computer all day and do something with your lives like maybe go outside for a change or get out of your moms basement and find a job. :D"""
"""Yeah, he will just let them in and allow them to take over.  Be prepared!"""
"""Joe was cut once Steve Young was already there.   We've got nothing but the ""possibility"" of a good NFL QB as the heir apparent.  Two different things.  I can't speak of Gretzky cause I don't know the details."""
"""solution: stop giving fucks"""
"""you're clearly retarded."""
"""Sure they are tommyone less Demwad"""
"""Being gay is absolutely a choice - if it were not a choice, how do you explain the thousands of people who were in that lifestyle and have rejected it and become heterosexual?"""
"""The general population may be, but I think that the people in the NAR know exactly what is in there, and are advocating for it. These are the same people who think gays should be executed, atheists should have their citizenship revoked, and that the first amendment means you have the freedom to choose what type of Christian you want to be. They say they want to return us to a ""Christian Nation"" and that we need to base our laws on Old Testament Biblical Law. Go back and look at some of the stuff Bryan Fischer, Mike Huckabee, Michele Bachmann, and Sarah Palin have both said and endorsed. Look at some of the statements Rick Perry's advisers have made, and things Jim DeMint has said. They feel they have been commanded to take over government, the entertainment industry, the church, etc. Â These people have more influence than they should, and enough to be dangerous. Their followers are probably naive when it comes to what their leaders are advocating and will continue to push their agenda without considering the consequences. Some of the Tea Party have tried to introduce legislation to pass personhood amendments (which are bad enough) but also to charge women with felony murder if they miscarry but are unable to prove they had nothing to do with it. I have no idea how they would go about autopsying an 8 week old fetus, but women would be guilty until proven innocent. Please see last part of post in regards to capital punishment. This is what DeMint and crew advocate. These people are dangerous, and over 45% of the House of Representatives either actively endorse, or are sympathetic, to these nuts:http://blog.christianitytoday.com/ctpolitics/2011/02/evangelicals an 1.htmlÂ For some fun reading, here are some links: ""prenatal murder""Â http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2011/02/26/georgia-lawmakers-anti-abortion-proposal-punish-women-miscarriages/all sorts of craziness linked on this website:Â http://www.rightwingwatch.org/Â http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2011/08/14/dominionism-michele-bachmann-and-rick-perry-s-dangerous-religious-bond.htmlÂ http://www.theocracywatch.org/biblical law2.htmÂ http://www.publiceye.org/magazine/v08n1/chrisre1.htmlÂ Capital PunishmentEpitomizing the Reconstructionist idea of Biblical ""warfare"" is the centrality of capital punishment under Biblical Law. Doctrinal leaders (notably Rushdoony, North, and Bahnsen) call for the death penalty for a wide range of crimes in addition to such contemporary capital crimes as rape, kidnapping, and murder. Death is also the punishment for apostasy (abandonment of the faith), heresy, blasphemy, witchcraft, astrology, adultery, ""sodomy or homosexuality,"" incest, striking a parent, incorrigible juvenile delinquency, and, in the case of women, ""unchastity before marriage.""According to Gary North, women who have abortions should be publicly executed, ""along with those who advised them to abort their children."" Rushdoony concludes: ""God's government prevails, and His alternatives are clear-cut: either men and nations obey His laws, or God invokes the death penalty against them."" Reconstructionists insist that ""the death penalty is the maximum, not necessarily the mandatory penalty."" However, such judgments may depend less on Biblical Principles than on which faction gains power in the theocratic republic. The potential for bloodthirsty episodes on the order of the Salem witchcraft trials or the Spanish Inquisition is inadvertently revealed by Reconstructionist theologian Rev. Ray Sutton, who claims that the Reconstructed Biblical theocracies would be ""happy"" places, to which people would flock because ""capital punishment is one of the best evangelistic tools of a society.""The Biblically approved methods of execution include burning (at the stake for example), stoning, hanging, and ""the sword."" Gary North, the self-described economist of Reconstructionism, prefers stoning because, among other things, stones are cheap, plentiful, and convenient. Punishments for non-capital crimes generally involve whipping, restitution in the form of indentured servitude, or slavery. Prisons would likely be only temporary holding tanks, prior to imposition of the actual sentence."""""
"""lol, I like you Neil, but you know you just fucked up...right? Minho will not be defeated ;P"""
"""As usual do-gooders again propose to punish users, rather thanÂ perps!STOP tobacco growers, processors, and sellers!Yeah,Â we all know, 'prohibition' alone won't cureÂ the cost of addiction or healthcare!Â  Law enforcement costs too much! Outlawing drugs doesn't stop stupid users or pushers!Legalizing drugs such as alcohol and tobacco encourages dependency, promotes deadly health problems AND encourages Liberal Democrats to steal our tax dollars to care for the suffering stupid AND to provide temporaryÂ jail-timeÂ for pushers!Declaring murder and rape as criminal actsÂ hasn't stopped either!Â  If caught, capital punishment hasn't deterred either!Â  Rules of morality and prayers hasn't deterred stupid behavior!Â  Education has also proven useless!Â  There is NOÂ sure solution to end stupid!Â  God hasÂ made it so and humankind loves gods!"""
"""Oh dear, now you will be sorry, in fact you will probably wish you had    never been born. If you had smuggled it into the UK and were unlucky    enough to get caught, you would have got a slapped wrist by one of our    weak judges. Asia is different, drugs are not tolerated, there are NO    human rights, sentences are long, prisons are real prisons not like the    UK world famous holiday camps!!"""
"""Fat contrat to large Democrat contributor GPD,  Go figure!"""
"""Your dumb."""
"""The same bus drivers carried epl players (i.e. Chelsea) who WON THE CL."""
"""if you don't want to have stories about your kids obammmy, don't send them out in public"""
"""Im sensing our SEASON slipping away and it HURST A LOT"""
"""Ummm, Joey.....THE LION'S SHARE OF THOSE ""OLD RACIST FAT WOMEN-HATING WHITE HOMOPHOBIC BAGGERS"" ARE TRANSPLANT FROM THE VERY LIBERAL, VERY, VERY DEMOCRATIC NORTHEAST.Sooo.....That means that Democrats are ""old racist fat women-hating white homophobic baggers"".And since you just outted yourself in an earlier comment, it's apparent that you certainly know these transplanted Democrats on a biblical basis (need a pillow to sit down on, Joey?).You are soooooooooooooooooooo easy to slap around.So pathetic, so worthless."""
"""no you shut the fuck up attacking doctors. Bloody creeps like you all screeching ""fuck doctors!"" & slagging them off wholesale until you need one to save your life or your kids life or your granny's life, then you crawl and beg for them to help, cry on their shoulder, wring their hands with thanks when they save your life etc.selfish little spoilt ****'s the lot of you. Like whining children who want it all but at no cost to themselves.""ooh boo hoo we have to pay doctors a decent wage and pension, boo hoo!""Go live in africa then if you love your ""I-wont-pay-a-penny-for-a-civilised-society"" capitalism so much."""
"""@cnn-fcbba858f167b1594a66777bca:disqus You've got ""islamic apologist"" written all over your face. These people were poisoned, plain and simple."""
"""That's not funny,,,whats funny would be your family watching you DIE of A $$ cancer, ha haa haaa"""
"""cockneywideboySo your the obese twat taking up all the pavement...get a diet going and come back when you're cockneyslimboy."""
"""Are you and Higher(replying to mesaman above) the same loser or are you sniffing the same glue pot?  Perhaps you are just libtard products of our sorry education system, in which case you should be offered a real education in the USMC, if they would take you."""
"""She should've let her dumbass sister keep getting hit. Look how she screamed for her to stop beating him up. This is gonna sound fucked up but IDC. If a bitch gotta have her shit leaking and be near death to learn, SO BE IT."""
"""Yeah, guess it really must hurt him to cash that HBO paycheck every week"""
"""You are a typical one liner Fu&^tard troll."""
"""You're not the world's best debater."""
"""OBAMMY, JUST TAKE MOOCHELLE AND GO AWAY"""
"""I wonder what the highest season average for turnovers has been for an NBA championship team?"""
"""fucking sum rich bits should get death sentence because if she did that for 12 yrs she probably violated a child hope not but die bitch"""
"""Media Matters actions could one day bite them in the ass."""
"""Those guys are hardcore!  I usually play as close air support and those dudes ride my shit about going off mission after I blow up whatever command has lased."""
"""Wait for explosive news to be swept under the rug by the media on command...nothing to see hear...cars blow up all the time...besides it was a prius. """
"""I already explained that sissy but,i'll say it i'll say it again to a little punk b*tch like you.White folks cheer and support him because their -you're tired of seeing black boxing champions so they will support any fighter as long as their not black idiot."""
"""Porn star much?  If you aren't, you need to be.  Way hot."""
"""When you ready to discuss differences instead of being nasty I will be happy to debate you. Subject: [momedia] Re: Why Money In Politics Doesn't Always Win, By Rachel Maddow"""
"""your friend teatard got banned lmao"""
"""you p%nk a##  chump i will knock your block off you internet coward . ny bamma!!!!!!!!"""
"""That is a nice shirt you got on Westbrick.---------------------------------------------------------Craig Sager"""
"""I hope you two get in the same situation, enjoy your prison time, murderers."""
"""@Bexxcc  @bubzsucz YOU'RE THE SICKO YOU BITCH. YOU KNOW WHAT, YOUR WHOLE LIFE IS UGLY AND THERE'S NOT ONE THING THAT PEOPLE LIKE ABOUT YOU. GET A LIFE AND DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO BITCH I'LL PUNCH YO FACE TILL YOU TURN PURPLE"""
"""Haley these girls are just ribbing you. sisterly love is what it is"""
"""I know we were without Kadri and Frattin etc. but Norfolk played almost the same amount of games as us, they would be just as banged up"""
"""When you are  s u c k i n g  Odumbo's  d i c k, do you swallow?"""
"""Um, I think Adele is beautiful. Her voice and personality in general is prob better than yours a MILLION times.How can you even fucking say things like ""Fat people are gross"" WOWWW.Discrimination much? *SMH*"""
"""So are you. Oh wait, sorry, you're just an idiot. God has no sympathy for you. Sorry you were born stupid. Take care!"""
"""No!  You are an idiot!!"""
"""....Wade....You are a pathetic piece of former star CRAP"""
"""Watch out......these goons will be coming after your bbq grill next!!"""
"""FUCK YOU."""
"""NO WHITE PERSON WHO WAS NOT RACIST WOULD E V E R CALL THEIR FRIEND THAT. YOU ARE A BUNCH OF COONS. HER AND HER WHITE FRIENDS HAD A REALLY GOOD LAUGH!"""
"""wow he's fucking sexy i love the white underwear :p"""
"""Shit"""
"""Oh my gosh! You guys look so similar!"""
"""Are you an Egyptian Copt?"""
"""i defended lana every time  someone said bad things about her, now i dont know what to think, lana is a bitch and a whore"""
"""Sudsy,  can't I just as well label anything you say 'left wing propaganda'? You liberals are all about debate tricks. I used to be like you. My mind couldn't take the murk. I need things to make sense."""
"""Later Bill!I don't care what they say about you!You're OK!!"""
"""They need to learn how to play offensive sets and how to defend.  Maybe this series will help with that, but they would really benefit from playing more East teams to learn that their ISO game is crap."""
"""Obama is a friggin idiot, nuff said"""
"""More idiots posting on a subject they nothing about."""
"""you are an idiot pbgallag. it has been a rough 2012 for halladay. but with the career he has had to say he sucks is ignorant and reflects more on your lack of intelligence."""
"""do you know who I AM? FU YOU 30 ROCKSUCKER"""
"""you sound like an ignorant dickhead."""
"""I disagree, Barack obama has a significant amount of experience in economics.  All that experience as a community organizer."""
"""I hope they hurt that fucking pig."""
"""You should be happy!(38-10 ft margin gm 2 of the '08 Finals)"""
"""Tôi nghu0129 không bao giu1edd chu1ed1ng u0111u01b0u1ee3c tiêu cu1ef1c và tham nhu0169ng u1edf viu1ec7t nam, vì chu1ec9 có mu1ed9t lý do sau... Mu1ed7i mu1ed9t ban ngành trong mu1ed7i cu1ea5p nhà nu01b0u1edbc u0111u1ec1u có ngu01b0u1eddi u0111u1ee9ng u0111u1ea7u, nhung ngu01b0u1eddi u0111ó chu1ec9 là bù nhìn, không có thu1ef1c quyu1ec1n, luôn bu1ecb kiu1ec3m soát bu1edfi mu1ed9t thu1ebf lu1ef1c là cái thu1ebb u0111u1ea3ng viên và bu1ecb chi phu1ed1i bu1edfi mu1ed9t tu1ed5 chu1ee9c u0111u1ea3ng, khi ngu01b0u1eddi nào u0111ó muu1ed1n làm, hou1eb7c có ý làm mu1ed9t vu1ea5n u0111u1ec1 u1ea3nh hu01b0u1edfng u0111u1ebfn nhiu1ec1u ngu01b0u1eddi hou1eb7c cá nhân trong xã hu1ed9i, lu1eadp tu1ee9c nó bu1ecb ép buu1ed9c bu1edfi tu1ed5 chu1ee9c u0111u1ea3ng. Thu1ebf nên dù có kêu gào chu1ea5n chu1ec9nh nhu01b0ng su1ebd không giu1ea3i quyu1ebft u0111u01b0u1ee3c vu1ea5n u0111u1ec1 gì... Nhu01b0ng cu0169ng không phu1ea3i mu1ecdi viu1ec7c du1eebng u1edf u0111ó... vì lý do, cái gì cu0169ng không thu1ec3 bu1ec1n vu1eefng theo quan u0111iu1ec3m triu1ebft hu1ecdc, nên su1ebd có mu1ed9t vài cuu1ed9c thanh tru1eebng nhu1ecf mang tính chu1ea5t ""giu1ebft gà du1ecda khu1ec9..."" u0111u1ec3 ru1ed3i mu1ecdi viu1ec7c lu1ea1i tiu1ebfp diu1ec5n sau khi có mu1ed9t cu01a1n chu1ea5n u0111u1ed9ng nhu1eb9 su1ea3y ra... mu1ed9t vài u0111u1ed1i tu01b0u1ee3ng su1ebd phu1ea3i thu1ebf mu1ea1ng trên bàn cu1edd chính tru1ecb, nhu01b0ng nhu1eefng con gà cu1ea7n phu1ea3i chu1ebft u0111ó là nhu1eefng con gà bù nhìn u0111u1ec3 cho u0111u1ea3ng nuôi và thu1ecbt khi cu1ea7n.(...)"""
"""Fuck me. I was just thinking about that today!  Boom: http://code.google.com/p/the-guardian-legend-blitzmax/"""
"""You are an evil despicable animal, and I'm sure eventually you'll get yours. God has a special plan for vile creatures like you."""
"""Fuck all u niggas in Atlanta...how u like that Polk County NIGGA...."""
"""@EatSleepThunder Mine is OKC in 5"""
"""Just because Bush screwed us, does not give Barack the right to screw us as well."""
"""Good to see you're feeling better old boy.A couple of snifters on your birthday and you'll be as good as new. Have a good one."""
"""fucking idiot!"""
"""Youre fucking retarded"""
"""You are a moron son.. Come on be a man and call it like it is.."""
"""The Carling cup is the new Liverpool F.A cupAre the Liverpool fans going to be wearing KKK white hats?"""
"""LOL  Look at the braindamage. Momma drink when she was pregnant?"""
"""you're an idiot"""
"""you know you love when i give details like when you suck my cock and i say 'oh swallow me while i finger your asshole'"""
"""Still here?  You love getting smacked around ,huh?  You just keep coming back for more."""
"""and you're fucking Pinterest up! It used to be so cool and friendly before people like you found a way to abuse it."""
"""I admitted a work history that included protecting kids from creeps like you w/ the NYPD; Ronald Reagan not only visited us twice but praised us in a State of the Union; the NY GIANTS came to lift weights and a republican cabinet member came w/ out fan fare to serve dinner every now & then; I guess Nancy Reagan hugging our kids made her suspicious too. get a life; and speaking of life, once again what has your miserable life ever amounted to?"""
"""You did your job, you redirected a KU basketball article  on to football.  Great job, as far as your earlier post, misery fools did start talking trash, I threw it back at them.  What's really funny is misery fans talking about a mediocre football program, agreed better than KU, on a KU basketball article.  roar pussycat roar.If you don't like my posts, don't read them.  I do not post on misery articles, although I do read them on occasion.  Have scanned the posts from their fan base, interesting bunch.  Like a strange mixture of a Jim Jones home brew.  Now straighten your antlers and march to the east of the sec, or wherever Alabama tells you to.  Meet your new boss, same as the old boss."""
"""I love how all the LOSERS retardicans , especially those in the Bush/Cheney adminstration coming out of their rat hole to throw stones at Obama, the American Hero.Rummy boy, if its so easy, why did you and your loser boss, QUIT on the mission ????"""
"""A Fair Man you are."""
"""why are you still here then????....SIMPLETONS like you are anything but refreshing..."""
"""Fight for money !!! go ahead ,kill yourselfs, all for greed,common, take decision that is not in accordance with what the supreme court says, find some connection by the INEC ,and say to yourself ,HO IS MY TURN TO LOOT NOT YOURS,OR I KILL U.bounch of shameless idiots."""
"""You are not one of us. Fuck off fag"""
"""The Keynsian economiic imperatives are obvious to almost all economists and the vast majority of lay persons who have read an introduction to economics course.However, the plutocrats who make the decisions have material self-interests that are inconsistent with the general prosperity. For example, corporations owned by the plutocrats are acquiring foreclosed and distressed real estate all over the globe for small fractions of their former prices. Also, the corporate plutocrats are breaking the already fractured bones of organized labor everywhere from Wisconsin, to Canada to Greece. Sadly, the plutocrats and their authoritarian allies in the clergy have so successfully degraded public education that there now are hundreds of millions of devotedly ignorant and sanctimoniously stupid voters who sincerely believe it is more important to keep homosexuals from kissing than it is to feed the world's children.Democracy is dying all over the globe and soon we will revisit the desperately hate-driven politics of the 1920s and 1930s."""
"""Period at the end of your sentence.  :-)"""
"""Bailey is built for sex!! So hot!!!"""
"""Nope, I have a brain.. unlike you"""
"""how many times do i have to tell u retards. i dont live in the uk. it was 2pm when i commented u utter bellend."""
"""I suppose it's just to give retards like you something to do."""
"""To all of you cowards, like me, who don't use our real names.  When you people try to exchange with Dave Trabert, you really look foolish not using your real name.  You lack all credibility yet you try and argue with him.  Dave is courageous and the rest of us are not."""
"""So is your mom."""
"""u201cThe idea that Chappelle in whiteface is potentially as offensive as Ted Dansen in blackface is frankly fucking ridiculous, and honestly makes me ashamed to be white.u201dThatu2019s the best argument for MCGEEEEEE! being the new SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIMS!"""
"""@Con Soul11IsGolfing FUCK YEAH"""
"""Westbrook could not handle Magic's jock"""
"""Let me rephrase my initial comment about you and your post;Pathetic little boy."""
"""With four straight balnced budgets leading to a surplus and welfare reform he was a conservative."""
"""Thanx for the fake address. Knew you were a bltch. Go tell your mom to bring you some cookies."""
"""you fucked it u up with stupid music like most these whack niggas do. weak sauce homie"""
"""Non sono un influencer e non ho letto l'intervista... non ce l'ho fatta.Mi sono limitato a leggere le domande... la media era di sette o otto parole per domanda, a cui seguiva un paragrafo di risposta.Insomma, lo stesso ""stile"" delle interviste a Berlusconi."""
"""@The Other Ed Why do you want to pretend that retards ""believe in facts""?!?!"""
"""We are not talking about INCEST here you fool.....use your common sense when making an irrational statement that you claim is rational!"""
"""Looks like you (Twist and RK) are the only two here today? Good game so far, huh? Trout is being ridiculous again. I wonder how many more AB's the kid needs before qualifying for the lead league in Batting AVG? Anyhow, you guys have fun watching and rapping about the game...Go Angels!"""
"""Can't Billy Joel make a song about it?"""
"""You sir/madam, are a d*ck."""
"""He only comes here at times to post"""
"""You are so confused"""
"""You are brilliant :)"""
"""@lazerbyte Shut the fuck up - - so where do you shop your clothes k-mart ? if you dont your a sucker for clothes brand like Hollister or American eagle or some skater brand Go kill yourself Your ignorant"""
"""People like you just don't understand the character."""
"""yeah, you got your rights, but you and your mama will be tossed into frikkinghell because you'd rather obey man than GOD !!!"""
"""i think people like you are the cause castism , which is hindering india's development"""
"""I wanna skull fuck both of you.right.now that is after i blow ur brains out with my shotgun in a horrid mess you low life fuckin imbiciles"""
"""Do the Angels have an outside shot at the World Series?"""
"""xD jajajaja soy fuck yeah *o* aunq me perece real... xDD porq siempre me sale las cosas bien *---* y no tengoq hacer nada xD"""
"""You make a good point.  Despite being ""challenged"", she does come here and play along with the idiot.When I do reply, I soften it up a bit."""
"""Reported, you redneck coward."""
"""Lemme hole it"""
"""It's just your opinion indy. As good as anyone elses."""
"""Go away libTURD, your kind just can't stand that the man told the truth, something you would never understand! """
"""The illegal rats he gave semi-amnesty to cannot vote in Nov. anyway. There's not enough of them to make a difference, the white vote is the most valuable and important since there's more of it. Obummer pissed off a lot more whites than appease illegal mexicans."""
"""@noBjustRyan@skywaker9 (David) To be specific, streaming over 9 sites """
"""Cast a vote then get back to us."""
"""Are you asking because your Mom wants to sell your anus to her crack dealer?"""
"""It's not the acting I'm talking about, it's the rediculous salaries for something that doesn't benefit humanity other than entertainment purposes.  Sorry you misunderstood...you must be an actor...if you are, I hope you do great things with your money to help our society instead of spending it on material objects that won't help you when you get sick...just saying!"""
"""You is so right"""
"""Votul meu: 1. Pentru ca.... (8)2. ...de ce iubesc... de ce-as iubi... (6)3. Niste varzari (7)"""
"""his deserve the beating. you  commit an offence. why resist arrest? had he just surrender his ass would have never got beaten. pure ignorance. a police pull you over  you keep your had on the steering wheel and don't say shyt  unless he ask you a question and you answer without an attitude. when  2 police have  a problem  putting you under arrest  your ass deserve a beaten. now instead of getting a traffic ticket   the dumb nigga get a felony  charge and may be time."""
"""Look man, I don't think you're an idiot, your statement didn't make sense that's ALL.  Relax.  Some fans say stupid things because they're stupid fans, or they're trolls, or whatever.  I can agree with that.  I just can't even believe how defensive you got about your intelligence level. Yikes."""
"""And you really believe SHE PAID for that car? Really??? Damn, you dumb! LMAO!!!"""
"""are f*cking kidding me.....we still have idiots that don't understand this yet...."""
"""The main problem with the Vatican is that they ""play by their own set of rules"". Its why they have been able to get away with molesting little boys for as long as they have. Not trolling, just stating a fact."""
"""bientÃ´t mieux David! """
"""I would say the detective and genious."""
"""Like my Momma always said ""re: LeAnn Rimes"" I may be a little overweight, buy you are ugly and I can go on a diet.......can't stand LeAnn Rimes or her music....."""
"""S T F U and pay your dues"""
"""Post where you got it from as that is the honest thing to do.  Its like stealing unless you post the source."""
"""@Lestatdelc Keep licking that Democratic ass and see where the blue dogs take you."""
"""Good to see the police where able to get their in time to help this lady get to a rape kit. The police should be held accountable for allowing her to be attacked... after all according to the anti gunners the police should be all we need."""
"""cant belive what iam reading this libatard belives that jimmy carter was a good pres what a looser. dont worry odumbo will blow jimmy out of the water for worst president ever"""
"""TV, we are so short-staffed we have tons of stuff in our group right now that only one person can do.  Unfortunately.  But this pisses me off because this was data I processed, it was circulated ages ago and she should have been looking at it then, not waiting until the last fucking minute before it goes out to find ""issues"".  And calling the boss instead of sending out an email so everybody could have a clue what was going on?  Well, the boss is going to hear about it when she gets back.  This particular person always tries to pull shit when the boss is away."""
"""Another example of a government gone nuts:""EPAu2019s additional regulations will come at a cost. One conservative estimate is that gasoline prices will increase 6-9 cents more per gallon.In another outrageous example of an unreasonable regulation, the EPA fined refineries $6.8 million in 2011 alone for failing to blend cellulosic biofuel into gasoline and diesel. The only problem is that cellulosic biofuel isnu2019t even commercially available, despite the governmentu2019s mandate that we had to use 6.6 million gallons of it last year.Worse, EPA is mandating that refineries use 8.6 million gallons of cellulosic ethanol this yearu2014regardless of whether or a single drop of cellulosic ethanol is produced.""http://cnsnews.com/blog/thomas-pyle/overzealous-epa-killing-refineries-hurting-american-consumersobama's regulators are killing jobs helter skelter!obama=WPE"""
"""Randal, regarding your first paragraph above, what articulett said!Regarding you second paragraph, you really don't see what you are forced to do here, do you? It's what I see you arguing on your blog and in our co-written book. You stretch things to suit what you believe. You use improbabilities to conclude a probability. You do this all of the time, almost in every case. Take my speculation that most non-believers, especially former Christians, have heard many of the things you say in this book, but most Christians have not considered the things I say in it. (that's how I meant the sentence per aritculett).First off, when it comes to FORMER CHRISTIANS we were scared to death to seriously doubt our faith. We were scared because of the threat of hell if we get it wrong. You probably do not understand this. When the time comes for you to seriously doubt your faith you will understand it. At that point you must be convinced your faith has almost no probability to it at all in order to reject it, since that is the  point where Pascal's Wager has no more force on us. So we investigated it thoroughly, most of us. The more educated we are in our faith then the more we must investigate it. So it's more likely what you have said in our book will be things most former Christians have considered before.I have a mountain of anecdotal evidence for this as well. Almost every Christian I have spoken to always learns something from me and I have learned little or nothing from them. This scenario repeats itself every time I have a disunion with a Christian, and can be seen from the responses to my blog over a six and a half year period. I teach them. They do not teach me.When it comes to NON-BELIEVERS in general studies have shown that non-believers know more about the Bible than Christians. That's evidence, baby. The probability therefore  that non-believers will not learn as much from you in our book is more likely, than otherwise.So these speculations of mine have evidence for them. Evidence. That's what I'm talking about, here, there, and in our co-written book. You must skirt it at almost every step in order to believe. And you provide some evidence that this is what you do here. You compared the probabilities of my speculations with predicting how many people will get rained on next February 18th. I did not say how many believers would learn more from me than you, nor did I speculate how many skeptics would not learn as much from you. I only speculated than MOST believers would learn more from me. Most, as defined as above 50%, minimally. You however compared my speculations with prediction of how many people would get rained on next February 18th. That's asking someone to specify a mathematical number of people who will get rained on. You are also asking for the impossible, or the near impossible, since no one can predict what the weather will be like on one part of the planet seven months from now (charitably assuming that's your comparison rather than asking someone to predict the number of people who will get rained on globally). w*ahem* there is absolutely NO comparative parity here at all.This is what I see you do all of the time.The unfortunate thing is that I have to spend 15-20 minutes explaining this to your deluded mind. That's a waste of your mind in my opinion, a waste of an otherwise bright mind who would never use it in like this in any other area of life except when it comes to your faith.Not only that, but I predict you are not done defending this utterly ignorant comparison.You do realize that I've stopped wasting so much time blogging because of Christan like you, correct? Your reasoning abilities when it comes to your faith is just that bad, sorry. I have no hopes of convincing you jsut as I have no hopes of convincing a leader in Scientology. You cannot be argued out of your faith because you were never reasoned into it in the first place.There is only hope for others."""
"""Did you have your flea treatment this month?"""
"""Why thefuck you have to bad mouth this guy?...All of you below have Facebook account, don't you?"""
"""Didn't take you any time at all to try to turn a solemn day into another attempt at racial conflict, did it?The Facts:The earliest known evidence of Decoration Day observance goes back to various women's auxillary groups in the North and South, when ladies organized events to honor their war dead by decorating graves. The earliest recorded event took place on April 25, 1866 in Columbus, Mississippi when a group of women formed an association to decorate the graves of civil war soldiers, starting with those who died in the Battle of Shiloh.The towns of Macon, Georgia, Columbus, Georgia, and Richmond, Virginia all claim to be the birthplace of Decoration Day, having first celebrated it in 1866. The town of Boalsburg, Pennsylvania claims to have celebrated the first Decoration Day in 1868. Carbondale, Illinois claims to have celebrated it first on April 29, 1866. In all, some 25 cities claim to be the birthplace of Decoration Day, most of them in the South.To settle the dispute, President Lyndon Johnson issued a proclaimation in 1966 naming Waterloo, New York to be the official birthplace of Memorial Day."""
"""A few months ago. Baptists, I think they were."""
"""Awww....it's ok, your mummy gave you up because you were a hideously ugly and stupid child."""
"""...being as you did not attend ANY school, I can only repeat what JustAsking2012 told you:Don't get mad as us, when your ignorance is pointed out. We didn't make you babble like that."""
"""You're no longer the ""victim"", unless your mind is weak....  you are a survivor if your mind is strong!"""
"""Luke Carlin stays up and Lou goes down?"""
"""@sowegadawg But I thought he didn't have a committable offer?"""
"""@ikathyv it's a stupid word that's been abused by stupid people"""
"""Only a black racists idiot would claim that the NAACP is not racist in todays world, especially since you're a member.And I don't give a 'bo' whether you take that personally or not."""
"""Linux Torvalds: ""NVIDIA, FUCK YOU !"" this will remain in history, if Linus said it then Nvidia deserves it"""
"""You stupid racist motherfucker! I bet you'd never say that to a black man or woman't face would you?"""
"""lol btw... how the fuck did you nigs get a 320? BIG FUCKING UPS!"""
"""@Lyoness....I was thinking the same thing how can you not know where your money is gonna...$2 millon is a lot of money hands down....I truly believe that k Michelle like others our using their pass and now relationship to get paid she's bitter that Memphiz is with Toya now....why didn't she say anything about all this last year???? When and Toya and Memphiz got married why she waited for a reality show!!!!! Please Help me out because I don't get it!!!!!"""
"""Such a very weak response. How would the world function if you were in charge? ""no its ok, Its not my problemÂ someoneÂ just got robbed, theyÂ didn'tÂ hurt orÂ threatenÂ me."" Do you not care about those who work hard?Im wondering if you yourself pay tax? And if you do, how you manage to stay so stoic when you think that those people do nothing all day and take YOUR tax money. Honestly write a book about it.Â My dislike of these people comes from the fact that many many people slave away to make much less and do not have the audacity to make such comments likeÂ ""I see eight people here having to choose between eating or heating."" People make those decisions every day! Whilst not living off of others. And before they do that they ditch the booze and fags. There is a thing called principles and I think theirs and yours are lacking."""
"""Idiot: if they try to land the plane it is too heavy & will have a very bad accident & could kill everyone. Crawl back under your rock where it is dark. Better to dump fuel than kill everyone & more on the ground."""
"""@Brenda55 @dasdbobb I forgot that they arent on the east coast. Maybe I'll send a box to my aunt tomorrow. We used to go to the outlet in Culver City years ago and stock up on the imperfect seconds. How my mother stayed tiny with the stuff we indulged in. Did anyonr else stop in to pick up warm Famous Amous cookies when he had a shop in Hollywood? He was occasionally there to bag the cookies. There was no L.A. iconic food or sweets mom didnt have us eating."""
"""If Manning is done, neck and all, and has no arm strength left....A Redskin signing is just what we need in the NFC East.... A slow non mobile QB with a noodle arm and out of his element community....think Johnny Unitas in San Diego...How does it feel to finish last again Dead Skins????"""
"""So the best thing to do to help fight addiction problems is to legalize?Â  Not sure I get Tony's point.Although you can argue that some drugs be decriminalized for possession or use, those arguments fall flat when it comes to cocaine or prescription drugs.Â Â  You can blow your mind out on weed for days and just be in a stupor.Â  Many prescription drugs are beneficial at so many milligrams per body weight, but deadly at twice the dose.Â  Alcohol creates a myriad of variables when mixed with even Tylenol, let alone prescription drugs.Tony should have used this occasion to get people to donate to charities that help rehabilitate people. """
"""JoJo,You are absolutely inviting Obruny to get on my case again for using ""we"".  But this is the kind of thinking I would put into a petition project, which, after all, are plural in nature.Here are my rough thoughts around ""how to"":I recommend we wait til we hear the [probably] disgusting outcome of the Security Council meeting today.  Are they still meeting, or did they just go away, without bothering with any action?   I have not heard that yet.We all first need to read the ""how to"" instructions to design a good petition.http://www.avaaz.org/en/petition/how to create petition/I have not read it yet. But it addresses logistic realities of petitions.We would need a bit of a discussion of what text we want. It has to be very cogent.You have seen my very roughly written theme.But maybe a much simplified call to boycott the Russian 2014 Olympics would be best.Consider how THAT could be publicized at the London Olympics by the British Syrians!Or a call to cancel the Russian Olympics altogether. That would go to the Olympic Committee, which is a dead end.  They have no objections to tyrants. ""They is one"".But we would have to decide who we want to deliver the petition to, and that shapes the wording of the And it would be good to consult with a few other key people.  We would not need to have unanimity, but we would need to know if ""Syrian Campaigns"" and others are thinking of doing the same thing.  The situation now in Syria is such, so close to the tipping point, that every little project can help leverage the collapse of the regime.That is why I signed the petition to refer Assad to the ICC, even though I would prefer to simply lynch him in the streets of Damascus and display his body in every town of the land.  Just my initial thoughts. Grammar pickers please note that I used the modal subjunctive ""would"" and ""could"", to indicate possibility, not fact."""
"""Vik  the biggest win of the year so far was   the last game vs miami  clinched a winning roady"""
"""You wicked shit, you have the mitigated gall to call the Lord's name in your filthy beer smelling mouth."""
"""I feel we're getting closer to sharing."""
"""It is true that I am in the US. However, I earned my way to be here legally and without Harambee as you put it. Every part of my life is good and I am content with my academic achievement and success (academic and in life) so far. I will not justify how intelligent I am cos it is stupid to do so. People who are intelligent or smart never justify their ability cos their actions easily show their abilities. It is only idiots like you who feel insecure about themselves and they try to justify to others that they are smart. Your ill feelings about me being in the US cannot bar me from being successful in life. Sorry for who you are."""
"""@karimazweena like in fucking medieval   times.."""
"""We all have the same flag and collapse buttons.they are  there for a reason.If a troll trashes the thread, we clean it up.No ""monitor"" will do it."""
"""<B>Demonocrats are the party of 56,000,000 ABORTIONS.ALSO, HOMOSEXUALITY IS ABOUT AS EVIL AS IT GETS IN HUMAN BEINGS. You are the most violent MERCYLESS MONSTERS TO EVER DRAW BREATH. GAYDOLPH SURROUNDED HIMSELF WITH YOU. There were LIMITS ON YOUR SAVAGERY(Source, A CREATURE named CHAZ, tole me).Rhetorical question, Scroto, WHERE WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE THE NEXT SEVERAL THOUSAND INNOCENT AMERICANS, BE TURNED INTO COOKED DOG FOOD?"""
"""You're wasting your time."""
"""They are on the level of crazy 9/11 truthers and moon-landing deniers now"""
"""I don't know what the insults are for,I thought it was a good game.No excuses about anything.Both teams had opportunities.There is 3 more to go.My team lost,but we'll try again tomorrow no sweat."""
"""You are part of the problem based on your reply. Talk a long walk of a short and very high pier at low tide Paulbot."""
"""det er jo dønn samme greia.fuck verden, jeg leser aldri mer en overskriften, det en min stil, lever litt på kanten kan du si. eller?"""
"""Really! Understand this. I'd tell you to go fuck yourself, but you have  your head shoved so far up your ass, theres no room for your shriveled  dick."""
"""are you fucken kidding me!"""
"""shut up faggot face faggot lol"""
"""Indians PS just got crushed by ChiSox. Hope you are right."""
"""oh just shut your shitty mouth stinky queen!go clean your toilets!"""
"""Ryuzaki; I like Kevin Nash. You don't. Get over it."""
"""Wow, Vicky<2, you finally got one right... Now you only need about 15,000 more to get out of the hole... But, you'll need to make sure you adhere to the definition of an opponent. If you compare the two definitions - that of an opponent as compared to the definition of an enemy - you seem to be better classified into the category enemy by the rote definition..."""
"""Well, that's how a lot of people are. You're just gonna have to deal with those rumors by dispelling them or going about your life. Don't let these rumors affect you mentally and emotionally."""
"""Fat, like you Kurt?"""
"""I think Bon Vivant's go outside every once in a while."""
"""Wow...ROFL...It's time to puke now.ROFL ROFL ROFL"""
"""Your name isn't Richard its ""Dick"".  See me funny.  Loser.  Now go get a job. Dumbass.  No need to reply while mommy is wiping your ass.  Wow this is fun. haha."""
"""Gotta love the roads name it sounds so Spanish LOL. Argentina should just shut it mouth as its like us saying we use to own America (which we did) think we should have it back now. but what worse the island never was part of argentina in the first place"""
"""He's doing all this talkin'... I would tell him ""Uhh... I need you to focus on getting your dick hard.  I don't enjoy flaccid meat down my throat."""""
"""Your comment exposes you as iliterate and a fool"""
"""@Asthmagirl Normally I don't support Booing ex-Seahawks. Guys like Heater will get booed for taking the money the Saints offered, but I don't think you can blame a guy for talking the big contract when the Seahawks were matching it. Brown is just a different story. They guy is just such a immature and stupid little man. All the ""slave to the businessman"" garbage, holy cow."""
"""Bethany - catch some of those flying ants - put them in a baggie and look up ""termites"" on the internet.  Then talk to your building super.  Because I think that what you have are swarming termites.  I say that because a lot of people have your experience and they almost all think that they are flying ants.  They aren't.  They're termites.  You should catch a few and compare them to what you find on the internet."""
"""I'm in two minds over this.. On the one hand stats like this will immediately provoke cries of a widening class division between the educated rich an the uneducated poor. However in recent years the recognition of having a degree has been cheapened by the plethora of nonsense courses on offer. I think anyone who does now go to University will think a little more carefully over the subject they choose and perhaps will study that little bit harder to gain value for their money."""
"""you are a stupid writer!!!"""
"""Nanette Lepore: http://bit.ly/MykDd3If you wait a bit, it'll definitely go on sale. It doesn't look very flattering on the hanger so a lot of people pass over it (so says the sales lady who helped me), so you'll be able to get it for less than $398."""
"""@howienica I'm a lefty and I've killed & captured lots of Muslims."""
"""Hi John and a Happy New (Chinese) year and I hope that you get very good year."""
"""Get the lottery on kid, you are one lucky boy"""
"""Oh fuck that British skank, If she tried that again, D'Lulu would pull out her shotgun and blast her right in the twat!"""
"""How exciting! Welcome to the team guys! And - Thank you everyone for the text and facebook messages - I'm not going anywhere. :)"""
"""You realize everytime you take a crap, you are polluting."""
"""What a pathetic little man you are."""
"""the russians will agree to a lot of things. it's what they do that is important. trust me they have no intention of ditching assad."""
"""@SensibleMoms Lol! -Momo"""
"""OVER promoted idiot  - get your facts right!"""
"""Two strikers with my cup of team please ...................."""
"""NWO ARE JUST WASTING THERE LIFE THEY ONLY HAVE 15 ACTIVE MEMBERS LOL"""
"""Here is a fun fact for you Sam:  Solyndra."""
"""I like politicians who wear their biases on their sleeves *much* better than the slick ones, who say only what the crowd before them wants to hear.Like *both* Presidential nominees this go round, and like Governor McDonnell of Virginia.McDonnell has his vision set on higher office, and doesn't want to fuck it up right now."""
"""typical Muslim, what do you expect from him?"""
"""Really? REALLY? Slow news day?"""
"""Think if a little man like PAC makes floyd run for his life,I wonder what he will do if he did have to fight S.R.R  He would pull an OJ in a bronco with the gu.n to his pointed head"""
"""not funny jack@$$. you are a total db! friggin moron."""
"""You know, it would be so much easier for all of these socialistic, commi, pinko pukes to jump on a plane and leave the U.S. than to try and convert us to their sick-ass ideas on how this country should be run.Â  Â """
"""What you are, jussi, is a plain old fashioned IDIOT. I am no fan of the USA any more than I am a fan of airchair bigot warriors like yourself.I am talking about the politics inherent in warfare AND made a comment as to why Hamas chooses NOW to accept responsibility openly, you fool.This is the area I am trained in, political science. Not superstition and religiously-motivated jargon, like you."""
"""@RN506:disqus Read through the comments on this thread and you're the definition of a dick rider. I bet you have a poster of 50 in your room."""
"""When are you going to man-up and sign your name to your false lies?"""
"""lol and by the way u seem with ur anime icon ur just another manga fan that cant get pussy so he jerks off with fake titted women lol i purposely commented again just to piss u off now go eat a dick theirs a pimp sumwhere that needs the moneyÂ from your ass on ur knees"""
"""The marital act, the procreative act, the union of the sexes, the life giving, life creating method through which the human race is perpetuated and new life is created....Reduced by ""cewubacca"" to """"The exchange of orgasm"". Mutual masturbation. What a brutalised, desensitised, barbaric, dehumanised society we live in."""
"""Romney urged everyone to be successful like him - borrow money from Dad for your Harvard education, borrow money from Dad to start a private equity company, then pay back Dad and declare yourself a ""self-made man"".Maybe Obama heeded his advice,and borrowed money from Romney's Dad to get a Harvard education."""
"""Fewer than the number of your mom's ""boyfriends"" that could actually be your dad."""
"""A little lipstick on your palms, & off to the jerk match."""
"""@pbreaker still didn't work ughhhhhhhhhhhh"""
"""Yep! You responded as anticipated:An 8 year old child that is looking for recognition among his peers.You are angry and it shows, little girl.Good! I am getting to you."""
"""nah I will take it over being a giants fanvery successful in the short time we have had as a franchise"""
"""The judicial system is broken, for now an eye for an eye will make the majority think twice before acting and vigilance will protect all."""
"""Mendrys - why in what planet would you be against men having the same rights and freedoms as women enjoy?"""
"""Let's hope it settles down here in the south! My kids will love it"""
"""@ ede444 and that's all you've got to say is it well i won't be losing any sleep over it. Whether or not you are the same person or not you have the same stupid mentality. You're both like a couple of children so, easy to think you are one and the same. Your posts are the poorest in taste so you can't complain at mine. Calling me names just makes you look like a fool. If you think I'm showing off with any of my post it must mean you haven't done much with your own life. My posts are just a reflection of the truth to which you are obviously a green eyed monster. Nothing special to me or most people to say what languages one can speak or whether they've had the chance to meet important people. Perhaps you should concentrate on bettering your sad miserable life instead of posting childish comments to me."""
"""If I looked like that I'd have to end it.  Not my picture - that is our adorable smelly melly."""
"""What you see, is your hate for him."""
""" go eat your dog you pos libtard"""
"""I'll BBLSubject: [wiredscience] Re: Eagle Cam Returns: The Chicks Are Here! | Wired Science | Wired.com"""
"""just what you need to warm you up on a cold morning, she looks stunning as aways."""
"""Why is she wearing a sea urchin on her head?"""
"""You can all me Snot, ad. I don't mind   :)"""
"""Let me try again.  The mother did not know.  Had no clue.  In fact, she even tried to keep the family together with this piece of garbage whom she loathed because she thought it was in the girls' interest.  NO ONE knew except CHRIS, the victim.NO One.  She herself couldn't connect the many dots, the effects the incest was having on her own behavior.  This is the dark side, Erin.  You may not have been."""
"""Is this one of those Homo Sedin Brothers?  Henrik Im guessing..."""
"""Freedom of speech-no anger issues."""
"""Excellent command of the English language! Once again I want to commend you ni@@ers on your ""skillz""."""
"""@cnn-bef2f3663cf1e9a3a822e7348a:disqus You're right, it certainly does.  I'm surprised you haven't brought up the story of Lot.  That's always a fun one."""
"""ramdin fuck off richard sir was great....n u hve 2 apologize him"""
"""The fuck is wrong with you?!? You are so fucked up how can you say that!"""
"""""Supply side economics has never worked.""So Svelaz, what side economics DOES work?"""
"""i will fuckin kill u in real life track u down than shove a katana u ur ass just bcuz we asians r smarted than u dicks doesnt mean u could beat him up i swear i will be at chicago in 2 hours"""
"""Hmm pointless lives.....  yup, Elitist Pig you are...."""
"""""'It's too soon to make any links between those two events,""Hmmm, feet mailed to people...bodys found with limbs missing--really? the don't see any links? Canadians......."""
"""There's also bugs with vanishing untargetable mobs.  Everytime you connect with an attack they vanish off screen but still continue to hit you.  Good times...good times. :)"""
"""You bet just like Jimmy Carter.Â  The pols will notÂ cut their sacred cows, so lets cut the Military, because they can not complain or they will be brought up on charges.Â  We live in a dangerous world more so than when it was the cold war.Â  We have unstable people around the world that would love to destroy us and blow up themselves.Â  All of the technology in the world does not replace boots on the ground, in the air or at sea. Navy vet retired."""
"""It does not say in the article if we can bring our own chairs and beverages to the Fest.....Does anyone know ????"""
"""With 17 in system! I'll name the next one ""fuck your blob""."""
"""Box out you Fuckers! #celtics"""
"""Clearly, you don't understand the war they are trying to fight...."""
"""Totally agree on the Mamamia thing.... not specifically re baby bodies, but I just feel like everything on there seems quite judgy/one sided these days. Too many cat fights in the comments as well. I really am going to miss your posts but I am SO happy for you and your new writing journey! You're going to rock the shit out of it, I'm sure xxx"""
"""I agree what is being said by the SEC but Muschamp and Pinkel, really???Those two are bums.Any decent coach would have won with Florida's talent, Muschamp is a terrible coach."""
"""http://img221.imageshack.us/img221/2043/3abstractfireworks.png here is my try :)"""
"""stushed - wrong! In Germany, Switzerland and Austria where guns are legal the ""gun crime"" rates are no higher than England (by the way England loves to include suicides as gun crime to push up the figures). England is one of the most violent places in europe regardless of gun ownership! By the way don't forget there was a time when is was legal to own guns for self-defence in England much as it still is in N. Ireland today."""
"""I have to give it to young blood he speaks the truth. But, JOKERS STILL BE EATING THE PUSS, WHILE IT'S STINK. WE DON'T GIVE A FUCK! WE JUST WANT TO WILD OUT AND BE ANIMALS FOR AN HOUR."""
"""""ignorant ass liberals, i swear...""Pssst...you are talking to the wrong end."""
"""cant beleive the crap you say, you spell your name as the female Andi, so i do hope you are female,or are you just another ignorant idiot that gives Americans a bad name?"""
"""why dont you just eatshitanddie? you are not wanted here, now run along skippy."""
"""Floyd, you are a coward, plain and simple.That is all."""
"""I swear I am gonna blow my lid if there is more green energy crap.Â  """
"""How did the photographer avoid the urge to not steal a brink ? If that was me i would look for a special team and the blueprints"""
"""The Ronald Reagan Alumni Association?  Your kidding right?  I think I'm gonna puke!"""
"""so what if she wears same clothes more than once, the media would complain if always spent money on new clothes. leave her alone. you go girl. look forward when you are our Queen."""
"""That's right magoo you assclown, you are now my bitch. LOL, are you saying you got pwned by a dork? LOLOLOL! Quit trying to write off your libtard mistake of replying to me as just having fun. Anyone reading the thread can see how confused you were in your unsolicited reply. Your life must be pretty boring if all you have to do is stick your nose up my ass and follow me around. My own personal stalker! I'm flattered. It must be you who is liking all my posts. Gee thanks! Now you will have to fight Blue F for ass time with your noses, he seems to be firmly entrenched. LOLOLOL! Rock on doofus!"""
"""@HDnatureTV I made a review if you wanna know more."""
"""If you didn't see her on the TV news..this is actually a very flattering photo. (I know..scary!) On TV she looked like an old piece of tanned cowhide. And please..enough with the black lip liner. NOT flattering on ANYONE."""
"""I know...This room is the equivalent of a hooker acting offended when you pull your penis out."""
"""All of you blaming russell need to shut the fuck up. Without him we are not in this game. At all."""
"""WOW... A blogger who calls others names......perhaps you are a blog whore...  People usually talk best at what they are very familiar with...Great conservation... Obviously you live in your own head...Read your very inane comments.Let's see what Alinsky talking points are you at... #5 or #10?"""
"""Really. And you'll get an honest opinion on the injury you received stopping that mugger. It must have been painful falling on that exact same spot when you went tubing, but I'm sure you shrugged it off like the hero you are."""
"""here is the steps guys :1) download Ifile from cydia2) go to var/mobile/library/prefrence3)deleted com.apple.assistend.plist4)deleted com.apple.support.plist (optional)5)install crt6) enjoy siri (^ *)"""
"""hey cock sucker i have a decent job so before you go running that big dick sucker of yours get the facts straight and if you were actually a hard ass you would come say this shit to my face you pansy piece of shit next time you want to talk shit to me post it with your mother fucking name nigga"""
"""DAMN, YOU GUYS WOKE UP BABY BRON BRON AND NOW HE' CHOKING"""
"""Wow you are back, happy days are here again, I don't like to see the Nats lose but the upside when they do is that we can count on you to show up. BTW I was impressed with that cute little Henry the 9th jingle, I bet you have a ton of em. I am extremely honored that you replied to MY comment, now this board will respect me, now that I am the one that you responded to. WHAT AN HONOR. Well Glum, you keep up the good work and keep posting on here because I find you very motivational, don't forget, you stay away from all of those other boards, we want you to use all of your little brain cells on OUR board. You D'Man!!!"""
"""Well as long as you're cool with it..."""
"""So, from the article itâ??s clear that Suarez feels he has nothing to apologise about,not because he's no racist, but because of some unwritten law.......""what happens on the pitch, stays on the pitch and that's the end of the story.""....basically admitting something went on,not denying it at all   From the Scousers we are getting â??Evra got what he deserved.â?? Dispelling the myth that they support Suarez because it was all a misunderstanding, but supporting him because they agree with his racist comments. Shameful."""
"""You can't sing, and you can't pray but you can wahoo it up over gay rape..just plain fuck liberals..all of them..and knock the dog shit out of them first if you are so inclineds."""
"""@JasonHairyDawg @trumely Jason I have never said anything but how i was not happy w/the way we only signed 19 players and i am stoned for it b/c im not being"" positive and seeing things the way some think i should"". How is that right? Why should i be bashed on here b/c i have an opinion? I never said anything about UGA needing to sign 3* players or signing s/one just to sign them. That is just false witnessing in any stance. I believe we have too many good players in state to just sign 19. What is wrong w/that?"""
"""Tell him to hang in there look at Brian Baker for inspiration"""
"""Absolutely moronic and unable to see the just motivation for legislation.Drink driving is a crime, not drinking alcohol. Why can you not comprehend that? Are you really that fucking stupid?"""
"""Anthropophagy.. it's the other white/semi white meat"""
"""I too am guilty of over moisturizing my hair.  Its hard to get that balance sometimes.  I started using protein based conditioners such as Aubrey Organics GPB weekly and heavy duty protein treatments every 6 weeks and that's been helping a lot.  """
"""My daddy says he is pissed because he aint gettin ""Reggies Love"" anymore.Can someone explain this to me?After all I am only 14 years old....Yeah."""
"""...well, OK. You're off the hook for now, but we'll be watching you."""
"""Quit..fucking..with my trolling..douche"""
"""Poor baby, you didn't get your extreme santorum, Ron Paul, or any of the other losers. Vote for Obama punk! You are a bitter ""Coney Island Whitefish"" that never had a chance to be used. You are worthless and a pintless ideologue bigot... Your sentiment of vitriol comes at know surprise. you must have given a a bunch of money away.... Poor baby (literally). Punk!"""
"""So the Chiefs are better then the Packers? If your saying all your losses mean the other team is better then you."""
"""If the Pope had an alligator would that make then safe pets for kids?You say nothing to deny the overwhelming number of people and pets killed by them- that is a fact nobody here has been able to effectively dispute. What does the fact that celebrities owned a breed mean?  50 cent is a no talent rapper who has been arrested how many times now????   Have you checked how may people on your list have been arrested???  How many gang bangers in jail have Pit Bulls waiting for them at home?  It is certainly not a list of intelligent people anyhow.  What celebrities do has no bearing on the breed and does not excuse how dangerous they are. If you think that is a list of intelligent people, heaven help you.Nixon had a Beagle & was a crook- so?"""
"""No, because you are wrong."""
"""Wow, you really shouldn't suck your daddy's dick with that mouth."""
"""It would only be news to you if it were reversed.  We get it now and get it with your every post.  You are a liberal puke that champions every liberal cause.  Got it glea."""
"""They prefer it when they're working for the police, or when they're not the target of the police investigation.  But...  :)"""
"""You're a turd Neil and will always be one.  Picking on a rookie...yeah big tough guy.  No worries....you'll get yours one day.....loser."""
"""Hurry call them, so they can arrest the Party Leader, Randy Reuidich"""
"""are you watching or partisapating ill kill youÂ  hes your not your point and ur ugly and who do you think you areÂ  you saw thats not enough how many times dose he halt too watch her goÂ  thats faking it likewats you people fit mad. you dont get it i was not there rite here you hurt my feelingz they think he likes you tou think youll live i s that true ...if you come near my man or my family down here in Louisiana I would rip your eyeballs out with my fingernails. . . I dont need no gun, no knife, I would bloody kill you birch!"""
"""How is defending your child vigilante justice?Why are you defending a child rapist?  Are you a closet pedo?"""
"""1st try-Extra grenade2st try- Extra grenade(i almost punched my computer)3st try-Bushmaster(i kissed my computer)4st try-500 GP(goddammit)5 and 6st try-katana(well fuck it)Ak47 gold and berreta doesnt like me D:"""
"""This guy is awesome. Saw him interviewed on DemocracyNow a month or 2 back. Good on him. A TRUE American."""
"""Always in our thoughts, you and your gorgeous babies, always feel our love and respect coming your way , you are an inspiration to many of us, and I know Sandra, Irene and everyone else  say it better than I  ever can xxx"""
"""@jsdavis13 True. You'd think that the Christians who are so hell bent into forcing religion into public life would be using it to do the things Jesus talked about. He never said a word about gays or when the soul enters the body. He spent all of his time hanging out with prostitutes and the poorest of the poor telling rich people it would be very hard for them to get into heaven. Remember the sermon about when I was hungry you did not feed me, because what you do for the least of these you also do unto me? I don't much think Jesus cares how we care for each other, as long as we do. A hungry kid doesn't care if dinner came from food stamps or from a loving donation. My guess is he would not think highly of a society that leaves issues like hunger and medical care to the whims of its donor class."""
"""next time try to offer suck his dick, maybe it will help..."""
"""Dont mention social security or they will arrive by the coach load."""
"""DUDE ABC. the thunder is winning still.............................."""
"""umm  he was a strong swimmer... he obviosly passed out and landed in the pool.  Did you even read the story?"""
"""Eat shit and die Andrew"""
"""Alien 3 was full of metaphor, subtext, and deeper meaning too. Still ""sucked"". Deep does not equal smart does not equal good.This is quite fascinating, its like the opposite of that ME3 debacle where people would constantly post the same you tube deconstruction of how the game went wrong, despite all the fun they had actually playing the game. In this case, this particular writer and the comments do a similar deconstruction, yet he explicitly says ""it's still fun tho"" and people are still butthurt."""
"""Yes, you have been attacked by your  biggest prison in the world."""
"""you're clearly a nigger ^^"""
"""SOY INGENIERO EN JARDINERIAY ES YARDERO...Y NO SE USAN INSECTIZIDAS SI NO FERTILIZANTE Y IO NO LO APLICO SOLO OPERO LAS.MAQUINASSSSDESDE.UNA 21. HASTA UNA 113"""
"""I don't really blend in anywhere I go in fairness. I do like you do despite your arrogance <s>not that I can talk</s> on some issues."""
"""Is this the kind of balloon WORLD CLASS CITIES HAVE? In that case, we should get two or three... we need all the class we can get here..."""
"""@Nonstopdrivel  @Natesweet  @LKP No Limits Appeal to authority is a classic logical fallacy."""
"""Its not after 2  innings for India A you jer*k off..i am sure a dou*che*bag like you cannot  remember the priceless 50 he scored in 4th innings of the test match that he  won for India against South Africa..and tons of such innings at the state  level..but i guess di*ckheads like u are on a shi*t pile diet to understand  any of it..think twice before opening the drainage pipe that is ur mouth u  los*er"""
"""In the north, social service would take away her brother. Stupid!"""
"""Go get a nice education, learn a little about what made America great, then get a job and do it well and work your way up.  Some day you'll have money, too.  Ohhh, and . . .  stop your envious whining."""
"""snap out of it you are so biased, whould you say the same if saddam hussain was still in power. or would you do what most shia's did including Iran , go against saddam at any cost even if you have to lie to get bush to enter the war,.dont talk about syria or iran being anti Israel. Iran never fourght a war in the name of islam read history, they are an obstical in the way of islam..,,,.""""Regarding killing of people no body knows who is doing this""""            , what the syrians who live in the neghbourhood are they  blind maybe there oppressed  but not dumb, , ? you sound like the assad regime who lie evry time."""
"""all you do is sit on this site and hate on every successful artist. You are the epitome of a crab you broke muther fucker! Dumb bitch"""
"""i wanna fuck her pussy all night long"""
"""That seemed weird. Â The acting was odd to me. Â I guess that's what happens when you are mid scene. Â Or when your one night fling leads to a crib and playpen the next day. Â Is this women going to end up good and trapped in a supernatural existence or is she going to be the evil witch who will kill her own daughter if she strays too far? Â Guess we wait until Friday."""
"""Talking crap on an anonymous board - your family must be so proud!"""
"""Well, at least we know what is on your mind."""
"""do you have any proof that Romney stole anything? Or are you just a stupid libtard troll?"""
"""Not fair? He has tested positive for a banned performance enhancing drug. The investigation found no proof that it could have been meat. No cases have ever been found with Spanish meat nor other cyclists. He has a ban just like many others who have tested positive, in all sports, why should he be different. He should have taken the 1 year ban originally set, but no, Spain had to cover it up, and the president even got involved to get it overturned. Seems not just Contador wants to win at all costs, Spain too! Contador knew Schleck chain had come off, but broke the unwritten rule. He showed then he would prefer to win at all costs, no matter about morals."""
"""This sorta reminds me of that Miss Potter movie, you know the begining where she is puttting  certain colors together to get the perfect shade of blue....?"""
"""In the past day we've seen Zombies in Miami and now Robots. We're fucked. Get your guns."""
"""Tell me how the bridge can be fixed.  Oh, you can't.  Get off your soapbox, retard."""
"""First of all, fuck Nickelback.Second, while I agree with you that 30 may be a little high (ahead of Johnny Cash and Michael Jackson? Eh.), it's important to remember that Nirvana, and Kurt in particular, were the face of angsty teens and young adults everywhere and still are to this day."""
"""Do yuo sometimes laugh uncontrollably at night? I just had that ..."""
"""Ouch I wouldn't call her a turd jeez I mean she is not a very talented actor or a model but she isn't a turd."""
"""@chargersbuzztap new England lnfaoooo"""
"""you are soooo dumb!"""
"""@Savage Beast  @Marbbles dude's gonna be a hell of a defenseman.  Him and McBain are going to be a real solid pairing for the Canes.  They're gonna be pretty good in a few years, they got a lot of young talent"""
"""And while you're at it, please prove how your ""point"" related to past draconian laws that banned inter-racial marriage?  That intent was to ""ban"" mixed races.  Just stop it please! You are insulting intelligence."""
"""Let them eat cake...Words that lit the French Revolution.What words will Americans have to hear?Eat the Rich..."""
"""Where's all the Ron Paul trolls, to defend this piece of shit?"""
"""Emontional restitution sounds like you tried to cash in but failed"""
"""i like his films ...put more fighting in Vin .....maybe team up with Jason Statham (transporter)"""
"""i love how yo are a complete moron, and you havvee to be a complete retard to hate naruto, like seriously man? can you even form proper sentences? well, OBVIOUSLY NOT."""
"""You are a COMPLETE idiot...not even a partial."""
"""da fuck this nigga talkin bout? everything this hoe was doing was turning me on......this nigga gay"""
"""Irony is not in most conservative's vocabulary."""
"""He killed himself like a little sissy.GOOD RIDDANCE SCUMBAG"""
"""Hello wshh it is I again Nastasha. For the record no I do not strip. I'm on South Beach Ocean Drive leaving a pool party. Get over yourselves. I love me, and at the end of the day u can think what u want. An opinion is like an ass and everybody has one. I live life and have fun btw IM DISEASE FREE BITCHES. I was born with a fat ass. I can't help it........BUT YEAH YOU FUCKIN RIGHT I LOVE IT. YOU WOULD TOO...S/O to PITTSBURGH"""
"""I like the idea of charging gang members as members of a criminal syndicate. However, if all they do is lock up the leadership they just perpetuate the splintering that took place after the Feds did the same thing. That hasn't worked out so well.LA is the only other city that seems to have quite this pervasive a gang culture. What are other cities doing?"""
"""@bizora2:disqus you are a pathetic nobody."""
"""I'm a vet rob! How bout you? Now you know why some of us are not impressed with the street thug culture. Their are some bad $#@ people in this world. Expand your horizons, son. I used to think like you until I came up aginst some other culture that wasn't afraid of me and my culture."""
"""Great ScottStephen F. HayesFebruary 20, 2012, Vol. 17, No. 22Throughout the 2012 election cycle Republicans have pined for a bold, conservative reformerâ??a leader courageous enough to make difficult choices and articulate enough to explain them to a skeptical public. The good news is they have such a candidate. The less good news: Scott Walker isnâ??t running for president. Heâ??s running to hang on to his job as governor of Wisconsin.Walker is the target of a recall effort funded by national labor unions. Why? Reforms he made to balance the budget have dramatically diminished the influence of public employee unions. If not reversed, these reforms will inspire similar efforts across the country, and the outsized power of public sector unions will finally be reined in.The election in Wisconsinâ??which will happen in late spring or summerâ??could have a profound impact on the 2012 presidential race, with the winning side emerging from the battle organized and energized in one of the most important swing states this November.Walker came to office in the Republican wave of 2010. He inherited a mess. Under his profligate predecessor, Jim Doyle, state government had operated almost as a slush fund for public employee unions. Giveaways to teachers and others put the state on an unsustainable fiscal path, so Doyle raised some taxes and threatened to raise others. He raided a state fund set up to cover medical liability, essentially stealing contributions doctors had made to the pooled account. The Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled against that pilfering, but the money had already been spent. Even after budget gimmickry that would make Fannie and Freddie blush, the official deficit was $3.6 billion.Just over a year later, Walker and the Republicans in the state legislature have nearly eliminated the deficit. For the two-year budget cycle, the state will show a $143 million shortfall because the stagnant economy has resulted in lower tax receipts than had been projected. But the shortfall is for the first half of the cycle; Wisconsin will run a surplus in the current fiscal year. And Walker said last week that he will eliminate the remaining shortfall without raising taxes. Itâ??s a credible claim. He reduced the deficit without raising taxes. In fact, one of his first moves upon being sworn in was to cut taxes on businesses. His subsequent reforms have allowed property tax receipts to go down for the first time in yearsâ??by some $47 million.The recall vote Walker faces comes because of these results. The key to his success was his restructuring of health and retirement benefits for many state employees, asking them to contribute 5.8 percent of their salary to their pensions (up from 1 percent or less) and to pay 12.6 percent of their health insurance premiums (up from 6 percent or so).Even some of the governorâ??s harshest critics acknowledged that such changes were reasonable. â??Walker is right about one thing,â?? wrote Eugene Robinson, liberal columnist for the Washington Post. â??When it comes to pensions and benefits, public workers in Wisconsin have a sweet deal. .â??â??.â??â??. Itâ??s easy to see why the average private-sector worker in Wisconsinâ??probably paying upward of 25 percent toward health insurance costs and struggling to tuck away something, anything for retirementâ??might agree with Walker.â??Walker understood from his years as Milwaukee County Executive that such changes could not occur without dramatic reforms of collective bargaining for public employee unions. So he proposed them, and Republicans in the state legislature made them law. The reforms also ended compulsory union membership.The unions correctly understood these changes as a mortal threat. Without compulsory membership, unions would lose a major source of funds. And without the ability to bargain collectively for benefits, the unions would lose their most compelling argument to convince public employees to contribute a chunk of their incomeâ??in many cases more than $1,000 per yearâ??for the privilege of membership. So they took to the streets in massive numbers and pressured the Democrats theyâ??d elected to do everything possible to sabotage Walkerâ??s plan. Democrats in the state senate fled to Illinois. Protesters occupied the state capitol. The fight captured national attention for months in 2011.The unions lost that battle, but they did not give up the war. They launched an aggressive effort to recall several Republicans in the state senate with the hope of reversing the reforms before it became clear that they were working. They spent heavilyâ??an estimated $30 millionâ??and lost again.Meanwhile, the results of the changes began coming in. In Milwaukee, the reforms saved some $11 million, an embarrassing windfall for Democratic mayor Tom Barrett, who had predicted that the cityâ??s structural deficit would â??explode.â?? Localities across the state have seen similar savings. There is no disputing the central fact of Walkerâ??s tenure as governor: His reforms are working.Thatâ??s a huge problem for the public employee unions as they try to convince Wisconsinites that the man responsible for this dramatic turnaround should be recalled. So theyâ??re focusing on two other issues: his 2010 campaign and an investigation into the activities of former Walker employees.Their first complaint is that Walker didnâ??t campaign on the specific changes he would make to collective bargaining. Walker concedes that there is some truth to the claim. He wasnâ??t more specific, he says today, because he did not yet know exactly how he would make the changes to collective bargaining. But Walker is conceding too much. He didnâ??t provide a point-by-point proposal to restrict collective bargaining, but it was no mystery that heâ??d make dramatic changes. Ryan Murray, a top policy adviser to Walkerâ??s 2010 campaign, made that clear to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel in describing the changes to public employee health and retirement benefits. â??The way the proposal would work is we would take the choice out of the collective bargaining process,â?? he said in comments published on August 29, 2010.Did that mean an end to collective bargaining over benefits? The reporter certainly seemed to think so. â??[Murray] said school districts often have some of the most expensive health benefits in Wisconsin and could receive cheaper insurance through the state if they didnâ??t have to negotiate with unions about who would insure their members.â?? Christina Brey, a spokesman for the Wisconsin Education Association Council, the leading teachersâ?? union, had the same understanding. â??Our members oppose taking away their rights to collective bargaining, so they would definitely raise their voices against it.â?? Another teachersâ?? union, the American Federation of Teachers, distributed flyers to its members warning that Walker would â??void parts of labor contractsâ??â??something that couldnâ??t happen without changes to collective bargaining laws.In light of the success of Walkerâ??s reforms, complaining about what he said in 2010 seems unlikely to win many votes. So Walkerâ??s opponents want to change the subject. Last week, Mike Tate, chairman of the Wisconsin Democratic party, toured the state in an attempt to link Walker more closely to an investigation of some of his former employees. Here again, Democrats have resorted to distorting reality in order to smear Walker.There are two separate issues. In the first, a woman who worked for Walker when he was Milwaukee County executive was found posting political comments on the Milwaukee Journal Sentinelâ??s website during working hours. She resigned in May 2010.The second involves two former Walker employees who allegedly stole money from a veteransâ?? organization that worked with the county on an event held at the Milwaukee County Zoo. John Chisholm, Milwaukeeâ??s district attorney, has been investigating the claims for 20 months. There is no indication Walker knew about the employeesâ?? activities, much less condoned them. Chisholm has said that Walker is not a target of the investigationâ??which only exists because Walker requested it when he was presented with the facts.Some Wisconsin Republicans, pointing out that Chisholm is a Democrat and highlighting the steady stream of leaks coming from his office, are growing concerned that the investigation is a political witch hunt, designed to bloody the governor before voters cast their ballots. Walker, for his part, says that he believes Chisholm is an â??earnestâ?? prosecutor who will conduct a fair investigation. Thatâ??s probably overly generous.The coming battle for Wisconsin will be a difficult fight for Republicans. Democrats have shown that they are willing to do just about anything to win. Unions are fighting this battle as if their very existence depends on a victoryâ??and it might.For conservatives, the fight is about much more than one man in one state. A Walker defeat would send a message that political courage does not pay and political thuggery does. Walker doesnâ??t like to talk about the effect the past year has had on him and his family, but it hasnâ??t been pleasant. He has been subjected to numerous death threats. His wife, Tonette, has been verbally assaulted more times than she can count. His two teenaged boys have been targeted on Facebook. His modest home in Wauwatosa has been the site of several union protests. Last month, a protester outside Walkerâ??s State of the State speech told State Senator John Kleefisch that his wife, Lieutenant Governor Rebecca Kleefisch, is a â??fâ??ing whore.â??Walker has been willing to endure these attacks to turn his state around and defend conservative principles. Conservatives should rally behind him."""
"""'Ewe'?..........Thinking about you last date.........."""
"""Go fuck yourself you dumbass bitch. MEGAN FUGATE IS A DIRTY ASS LYING GUTTER SLUT FUCKIN WHORE AND I WOULD SHOOT THAT BITCH MYSELF. and you don't know shit about the trial. DON'T YOU EVER TALK SHIT ON MIKE OR DYLAN YOU FUCKIN CUNT. And yeah Dylan was there that night it fuckin happened you dumb bitch. You don't know shit I know EVERYTHING. so go bury yourself a fuckin hole, lay in it, and fuckin die and we can put Megan fugate right next to you:)) and you both can fuckin die and rot in hell together you dumb piece of shit cunt. Go fuckin die so I can shit and piss on your grave."""
"""You DO need it because you ARE a good mom!!!"""
"""Interesting the wonderful kcstar took down my post and link to the story about the coke dealer flying on the team plane with mu's basketball team......."""
"""make your mother stop spreading Herpes"""
"""I'm more than happy to give you my $.02.  You will never get the type of investors you need.  You need to think about changing your crazy business model.  Considder that my investment,"""
"""Straight douche, wish it was you, you worthless, racist, coward piece of shit"""
"""you're an idiot"""
"""Why would I want to meet you?  You have absolutely no redeeming qualities based on your delusional posts."""
"""The Mets are a joke and no I'm not mad, just loving seeing you choada's get excited"""
"""The loony left is left are terrified they might have to get off their lazy ass and work."""
"""I agree to a point.  I beieve that a lot of today's violence is due in part to the change we all got in 2008.  People are desparate and many are willing to do the unthinkable.  I can't imagine what would make a father do this in front of his children, though.  This is something they certainly, didn't need to be present for."""
"""And Millwall thought they were hard !"""
"""21st century conservatism:Manufactured outrage."""
"""hows come you don't get nobody clicking your like button?  That should be something you think about alot, it means something, it means you are wrong."""
"""I agree wholeheartedly with you on Ali, who I just recently started following on Twitter and Facebook. My problem with Walker is his stupid actions are a black eye to everybody who put themselves out for him."""
"""They'd be cuter if the salt & pepper sprinkled out of the holes in their necks. ;)"""
"""For the record, I'm not gay, nor do I understand the attraction. Â But self righteous, despicable, vermin like you are the reason OUR Republican party is going to lose the election in November to Bozo. Â If I wasn't so disgusted with the sense of entitlement and lack of self responsibility the dems propgate, I'd vote dem. Â It's not enough for you to live and let live. Â Gays aren't hurting you. Â You have to attack their lifestyle as if it's YOUR business what they do behind closed doors. Â My guess is you're just another bible thumper, probably with gay tendencies yourself you're fighting."""
"""Hey, Per,... There's a big bus coming....wanna try to catch it ?"""
"""Trolls are a pox.  A pox on them would be like a rattlesnake trying to bite itself........."""
"""#nWo4Life#FuckTrolls"""
"""that bitch was dead wrong just because she had a fucked up life dont mean take someone else r.i.p. Hernandez life gone before he got to live it senseless at&t giving out Iphones for a penny fuck it let that bitch dial collect for the rest of her life she dont even deserve that much stupid bitch"""
"""All I have to say to you Bay is: Fuck you!"""
"""I haven't heard a substance argument from these Righties all year just more of the same. They blame Obama for the're woes! Here's some advice stop waiting for Government to improve your lives and make something of yourselves!!!!"""
"""360 Balls on your chin"""
"""Rob many of us including me have faced down some really tough guys that were ready,willing, capable, and trying to kill us. Some pissant guy in the hood does not qualify. You really have no idea of fear. You need to quit this fascination you have with thugs in the hood. You seem like a bright kid. Join the Corps and see how really tough you are. You will then understand that hood rats aren't really that bad.. Just in their own minds."""
"""gatta eat cubans....not ham...No wonder why you are nowhere close to accurate"""
"""CALLIOPE YOU ARE A BEAUTIFUL FLOWER AND DON'T YOU FORGET IT!!! ;w;"""
"""Gabby in Florida  ********* u201cMemorial day is not a holiday its a day to remember those that fought for our freedom and those that fought and were maimed wounded and killed defending our flag the one Obama took off his campaign plane??u201d *********************""No Flag on Obamau2019s Plane?""Posted on August 8, 2008 <b>Question</b>: ""Did Obama replace the U.S. flag on the tail of his campaign plane with his campaign symbol?""<b>Answer</b>: ""Yes. Obamau2019s newly designed campaign plane features the campaignu2019s logo on the tail. However, <b>an image of the U.S. flag appears on the side of the plane</b>.""It is probably worth mentioning that <b>Sen. John McCainu2019s campaign Boeing 737 plane does not feature a U.S. flag on its tail either</b>. As these images from CNN show, it does feature one on the side of the plane near the campaignu2019s slogan, u201cReform. Prosperity. Peace.u201d""http://www.factcheck.org/2008/08/no-flag-on-obamas-plane/"""
"""In fact, the stranges thing about the PC crowd is the way some of them obsessively abuse me as being autistic or at least suffering from Asperger's (though, admittedly some of them take it obsessive extremes).I wonder if the end justifies the means?Perhaps Mrs Clark would honour me with another of her ""odd"" replies?And share her views on such attacks with us!"""
"""Nazi nutcase. When you will realize jew-hatred is outdated and its for losers?Will you blame them for Blood Libel or causing both World Wars too?"""
"""And Barry tries to convince us he's switched to Christianity...we're not all as stupid as he looks."""
"""Best of luck to you, Jenn -- I know it's not easy, but it sounds like you're well on your way to a great summer!"""
"""@xxcorey92                      im fucking with you that makes my dick hard  and you know what i do...i let them catch me looking at them then quickly pretend to look away and not to see them  to see there reaction ololol"""
"""<i>Why not vote Libertarian? Most of your progressive agenda will be fulfilled</i>Hilarious."""
"""What does her being a black woman have to do with it. She's a bitch, bitches get their own category in my book, race is irrelevant when dealing with unsophisticated and uncivil females."""
"""I'd fuck that bottom all day and all night!!! That ass is just right and that moaning will just get my dick harder. Damn..."""
"""....From: Rogers v. Bellei, 401 U. S. 815, 831-3 (1971) [CONTINUED]..... ""There are at least intimations in the decided cases that a dual national constitutionally may be required to make an election. In Perkins v. Elg, 307 U. S. 325, 307 U. S. 329 (1939), the Court observed that a native-born citizen who had acquired dual nationality during minority through his parents' foreign naturalization abroad did not lose his United States citizenship ""provided that, on attaining majority, he elects to retain that citizenship and to return to the United States to assume its duties."" In Kawakita v. United States, 343 U.S. at 343 U. S. 734, the Court noted that a dual national, ""under certain circumstances,"" can be deprived of his American citizenship through an Act of Congress. In Mandoli v. Acheson, 344 U. S. 133, 344 U. S. 138 (1952), the Court took pains to observe that there was no statute in existence imposing an election upon that dual nationality litigant.These cases do not flatly say that a duty to elect may be constitutionally imposed. They surely indicate, however, that this is possible, and, in Mandoli, the holding was based on the very absence of a statute, and not on any theory of unconstitutionality. And all three of these cases concerned persons who were born here, that is, persons who possessed Fourteenth Amendment citizenship; they did not concern a person, such as plaintiff Bellei, whose claim to citizenship is wholly, and only, statutory."""""
"""I use to chat with her back in the day on myspace. Awe.. myspace a place where you could actually interact with pstars and celebs. Fucking Mark Zuckerberg."""
"""Whiny bastard. You're up to your fucking eyeballs in this LIE, don't try and back pedal it now. Face it, your name will be forever linked to the most LYING, corrupt, disingenuous, filthy group ever to mislabel itself as news. Don't like that? TOO BAD! You should have thought of that before you sold your soul to Rupert Murdoch for your thirty pieces of silver. You made your dinner, now EAT IT, BABY! Scum sucking little dirt bag, one lie doesn't cover up another."""
"""We will bury you in November, parasites."""
"""by the way, Leidiot is a jerk."""
"""Oh and by the way, I saw a recent interview with Hitchens and a Priest.  Hitchens actually admitted he may be wrong he could not say with 100% certainty that there is no God.  Even your most vocal leaders faith in nothing falters, especially as they age.  Wonder why?"""
"""I think the person from the school that made this decision, has an ass whipping' coming!"""
"""Yeah you probably havew a dick to you ugly fucking monkey black whore, you are not even a women to me, no black women are I think of you as monkeys that should be in the zoo. Now go get your cunt sterilized slus so you dont make any more nixxers"""
"""The less you have, the more you understand ""suck it up and press on"". The more you have the more you think you need a pill for every discomfort.Â  """
"""PPL,  You are too negative in here"""
"""Because you are an idiot jpcali."""
"""that home run by Trumbo was a BLAST!!!!!"""
"""Dang I have a sister? Dats new to me..ur wife still wants big black Miami dic.k...lol..and it's nothing u can do bout it..she wants dat 305 stick up in her..lmao..lol..she goes hard."""
"""I think bush was one of the worst precisely because of his amnesty proposals in addition toother betrayals to the conservative cause. Thanks to him we got obama.Funny how dems consider him one of the worse when in fact he was a liberal president on domestic issues."""
"""Amen to that shit. Preach it!!"""
"""That too.  And from CHICAGO!!!!!!!!!"""
"""Good for her she is hugely talented, amazing voice and a very nice girl."""
"""Obama does not believe in our three separate but equal branches of governent."""
"""<div class=""forum-item forum-reply""><div class=""forum-item-description"">I would actually have a hard time giving up Hardy by himself for Upton, unless I really needed speed.</div></div>"""
"""IF JAPAN CAN, WHY CAN'T WE?"""
"""@marcus13 I assume you are one of the immigrants that will be removed!!  I am Irish living in Spain and if I don't work I can't live here...simple.  In England as an EU immigrant, if you can't work...sign on?!  No No!  This has been coming a long time Good Luck to Damian Green and this plan"""
"""Another reason to vote for Newt Gingrich and defeat R.I.N.O.! Desperate struggle to get Mitt Romney elected indicates they and their comrades do more than lean left. Some, wholeheartedly endorse/embrace Socialism. Maybe, not to the dedicated, robotic extent Barack Hussein Obama was sworn into office with the charge -fundamental transformation (destroy from within) of America. He and his fellow would-be-dictators think they can trample our Constitution at will. He has tried as hard as he could to fulfill PC/Socialist agenda. However, God holds America and HIS sparrows in the palm of his hand. They need to check with fellow despots who have challenged America's resolve. They will be impeached! America will never be destroyed. America's enemies will destroy themselves, first e.g. With all the ""supposedly"" well placed bombs in India, etc. to blow Israeli diplomats to smithereens only MANAGED to ""injure"" a couple - as opposed to Israel's ""absolute"" success -if true- in blowing to smithereens any nuclear scientist(?) they target! When I hear Iran BS about closing the Straights, blah, blah, blah, I think of Saddam Hussein and his ""mother of all wars"" to be unleashed, if America even thought of attacking! American marines dug his rear end out of his gopher hole; I read somewhere that Saddam's head popped off t his hanging when trap door was sprung; to add insult to injury; pour salt in open wound: Petraeus set up US military compound in his mansion compound with all its gold leaf. Keep the faith and the conversation going."""
"""THEY SHOULD BE DRAGGED INTO THE DUGOUT AND BEATEN WITH BATS RIGHT?"""
"""It wouldn't surprise me one bit if asshole tucker carlson put this guy up to this."""
"""Born in america raised by his cubam parents your point is what?"""
"""Let me give you a view from Brazil.  Consenting adults, within the law can have any relationship they choose. Government cannot legislate morals. Captain Boycott, of the British Military occupying Ireland, with vast powers of the kingdom St his disposal, got rid of his wife of decades, to have a carnal relation ship to a very young lass, well. The community simply decided, to turn thier back when ever he appeared, close thier pubs, stores, once he pulled up. 'Shunned' Thus the word 'boycott' enter the english language. The point, if you feel that strongly, organize a society response to his films and other work, independent of it's intrinsic qualities. Here in Brazil, there is a culture of deflowering teens and preteen girls, by the nationals here, for foreigners they are sent to prison.This is often done by fathers and grandfathers, the patriarch of the family. Said to have originated in ancient Rome, the film BraveHearth made reference to first night, where the lord of the area do some form of this power sex on minors in thier dominion. West Virginia, comes to mind, as this power sex folklore is said to be in epidemic proportions, these daughters get deflowered in house, first, sound familia. Are you going to 'boycitt' the state of West Virginia? Clearly Morgan has crossed the lines, of our sensibilities, our Puritan morals, and our expectation of decency, so did George W. Bush,  with his Hurricane Catrina etc., and Bill Clinton with his oval office dick sucking, episode of his intern.These are/were  actual Presidents of these united States. Do you have the right to impose your morals on consenting adults within the law? We all have the answer to this? What freekie things are you doing?  Can you state, as I am now, none!job"""
"""Papo Swing, go to hell with that little weasel dick Carlson. In other words, fuck you, your mother and every one of your inbred relatives."""
"""Zooey, you are NEVER going to be cast as Power Girl. Stop wearing her costume knock-offs. Also, the nude bra is distracting. It's like a fungus or lichen edging toward her trachea. Worrisome."""
"""Hey DeNiro go fok yourself u WOP."""
"""You really are NOTHING but an animal, aren't you?Have a nice day, I sincerely hope you manage to get some help for your anger issues.You are OBVIOUSLY DEEPLY DISTURBED and you have my sympathy."""
"""Ignorant, ignorant, ignorant...piece of crap - so is his mother - how dare you defend / blame this behavior!!!Shame on you and the devil you spawned..."""
"""Wow, you really are a fooI."""
"""You like whore."""
"""@Toysoldier34 I played and beat the game twice now. I am not saying he gave it this review and score because of crude humor. If fact I am not complaining at all. All I said was that as unpolished as No more heroes was people still didn't care and rated it high anyways. Lollipop Chainsaw has the same problems that No more heroes had. The only thing I can add was what Kevin already said. Too many QTE and it was shorter than No more Heroes."""
"""Dice is going to be the COD, MW killer without a doubt."""
"""* HAHA TRANNY ???? *  COME HARDER NEXT TIME CUZ YOU MAD LAME !!!  FUCK OUTTA HERE WITH YOU'RE UGLY ASS !!!!"""
"""u haters will ana-l-y rape yourself if Heat wins tonight"""
"""Sorry your dad didn't make parole."""
"""come on gets some pitches from him need that philly pen"""
"""Idiotic.  Beyond idiotic, actually.  You must LIKE being a loser."""
"""Yet you reply, LOL"""
"""P.S. The whole point of my statement about cigarettes and beer and other want vs. need items will make a lot more sense to you if you sit down and do the math.People smoke, drink, eat, and drive double the price of that bag in a lifetime and that's okay with you because it's ""self-satisfaction""???? So it's ok for some to spend the money if it gives them satisfaction?Think very hard about your statement as it is this country's absolute OBSESSION with ""self-satisfaction"" that is the problem."""
"""WHAT THE FUCK WAS FISH DOING"""
"""What's going on with Brown is systemic in the Right Wing Fascist Party.  They don't tell the truth and about half our citizenry are too fucking stupid to check them out.  They'll swallow whatever they spew and never question it."""
"""You sir are a complete idiot"""
"""God, definitely top 3 albums of all time for me. I fucking love this album.For me, the beauty of this album is how weird the songs are and how traditional the song structures were. I like this more then his more experimental later albums."""
"""Don't be so bitter. I'm sure it was purely a coincidence that God created booze immediately prior to creating Detroiters and the duck billed platypus."""
"""<{:-)  Now you're just teasing me."""
"""dont laugh your not far off on your thoughts of obama"""
"""Any arrests in the terror attack at the travel agency? Ruby, where were you on the night in question?"""
"""You shut your filthy mouth talking about LAs premier team like that. <br>"""
"""<div class=""forum-item forum-reply""><div class=""forum-item-description"">You guys probably shouldn't be informing this child about how awesome you think beer is. &nbsp;He can discover it on his own when he is legally able to do so. &nbsp;</div></div>"""
"""tman2067:Your argument about the team, the defense in particular, winning the games was a better path to follow."""
"""You're an idiot. We should be sued for all the shit we've done in the MidEast. If we're not bombing, droning, starting wars, we're fucking funding them."""
"""You, sir, are an idiot"""
"""I would be more than happy to have 10MP option which would at least allow 4x oversampling and also bigger MP but not as big (kinda win win for everyone if I were to decide as Nokia ;) )"""
"""soriano is going to have to ice those knees after today. he did some jogging today."""
"""Leecherius                                Collapse                                              The higher you rise , the more isolated you become..===============One liner BS..."""
"""No, you are not the voice of alot of people."""
"""Anyone who has followed this issue, from the beginning (prior to 2008) knows that anyone stupid enough to believe birtherism is a racist bigot who isn't to be taken seriously."""
"""your still a commie basturd, and i hope you get stuffed in a commie oven."""
"""I'd include Wars as shit on my face."""
"""Thereisnoreason to pat L4C on the back, she's as dumb as you are."""
"""Lol apple is shit anyway"""
"""really - what planet are you on?"""
"""who said anything about NJs popularity?"""
"""fuck em all"""
"""Great idea!Â  Who the hell empowered free speech or believe it serves any real purpose?Â  Consider the fact our president and governors, their cabinet czars, our members of congress and state legislatures have exempted themselves from accountability for what they do AND set their own rules!WE vote for such royalty so obviously we love what we have!Stop complaining for what you voted for!Â  Get on our knees, kiss ass, and praise the lords we elect!"""
"""so you dumbphuck retard sh!te kunthead,son of your phucking WHORe momma knows everything huh???you dumb phuckface???????????????????????????????"""
"""Mary, I appreciate your manners and encouraging your classmates to follow. I also think it's important for professors to realize that students often have back-to-back classes. I certainly know what it's like to ""get on a roll"" and want to finish whatever I'm lecturing about. However, I'm also unforgiving when students are late to my classes. When I wrote about Things Professors Do that Irritate Students (http://www.profkrg.com/things-professors-do-that-irritate-students), keeping students late was one of the main things students mentioned. Quite simply, one professor's self importance often leads to students being penalized in other classes. I would hope that, when I go over in class, a student would respectfully make me aware of the time. Thanks for your perspective! Kenna"""
"""Looks like Obama is going to get the US another credit downgrade for borrowing and spending and failing to come up with a credible plan for tackling the debt.Â Credible is the operative word. Obama can blow smoke up the publics skirt all he want to but the S&P and other credit agencies are not going to be fooled in the least. They've already warned of another downgrade and why? Because they don't see ANY real progress being made on Obama's part to intellegently and pragmatically address the issue in a publishedÂ plan. And, the reason they haven't is because the president has no interest in cutting spending as long as he can borrow from China, et.al.The only way out of this mess is with private business growth and if anything can be said of the lastÂ 3.5 years it's that if Obama is really really good at anything it's squashing growth. So, either weÂ choose austerity and growth this election or we reelect Obama and face it in bankruptcy. What's going to happen toÂ defense andÂ social security andÂ medicare and medicaid and all the social netsÂ when ObamaÂ can't borrow the money to pay for them? That's what this election is about and that is the only questionÂ that needs an honest answer."""
"""hey Kraut piss off and go to bed...you are getting old and boring"""
"""...yeah CO Mmj patient is a fuck-tard, one of the 3 shops my ass.."""
"""What he's really saying 'between the words' is the Democrats are very close to losing the Jewish vote in addition to losing the Catholic vote in 2012. Jews are, in a way, Obama's last hope for guaranteed votes.Â  Barry has already lost the moderate Catholics. Liberal, gay, secularized Jews & Catholics aren't a big enough demographic to carry Obama."""
"""I say both teams have a 50/50 shot of winning this gamehehe"""
"""great form of travel  ---  apart from going  through tunnels"""
"""77 F and that dress...she sweat her asss off"""
"""Actually just got told to get to my bed. Fuck off Jackie ya old cow."""
"""Wow Joe now there's an intelligent counter point.  Congrats."""
"""You conceited little invertebrate. Hopefully you pass on that decrepit arrogance to the children you won't have, you bag of maggot scum."""
"""The hospital has confirmed that he had a seizure.  No alcohol or drugs involved.  Now I suppose by your thinking, the hospital is lying, afterall they are all communists or Nazis.  You sound like a fool."""
"""Sounds like you're insecure about something."""
"""This is horrible. Man's inhumanity to man knows no bounds."""
"""And who just responded to meBWHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAYOU ARE WAY WAY FUNNYWHAT ARE YOU GOING TO SAY NEXT SOMETHING LIKEYOU YOU YOU MUD HEAD YOU?SOMETHING LIKE THAT OH SMART PERSON."""
"""yes I am...so why not join us and have even more posting..."""
"""You lefty loons are so dumb, you don't realize just how dumb you are. You idiots must have taken Gibberish 101 in kindergarten, and you all passed with flying colors!"""
"""Just too freakin' funny... You are so stupid... Talk about gullible..."""
"""Here's an idea.....Why don't we get the h ell out of their country."""
"""Welcome back you old lush!"""
"""If you're going to criticize the man at least spell the name right, damn!"""
"""So you are saying 3250 $ is not expensive? Rich boy logic .."""
"""you get the ridicule because you're a fuk'n POS pr1cklittle troll"""
"""I don't mind the home runs, especially with guys on base...but it is nice to see them score by other means too. That was textbook."""
"""Obama and his cronies would't know the truth if it jumped up and bit them in the ass.Â  You will only get their version and not the actual truth.Â  But, of course, we can twist and turn anything they say about anyone else who does not agree with them and you are supposed to believe, and unfortunately, most of his followers do believe it to be true.Â  I think the saying goes, ""believe none of what you see and only half of what you hear"".Â  Believe you me, Seeing is not Believing.!!"""
"""...Or not nigga! Put that shit away. take your ass home and flush that shit."""
"""Worry about your current opponent...."""
"""So the bill bans using aborted fetuses in food?What about miscarried fetuses?  I mean, if God kills it, then it is o.k., right?"""
"""You rock my world Alice."""
"""Funny that you are defending a murderer - d**kless idiot defending a d**kless idiot."""
"""Sick car. It'd be tight to live in though, no room. And gas would be hard to get a hold of probably in a post-apocalyptic world."""
"""gawd you're f*cking pathetic, how sick is your life to be so hateful?"""
"""soooo......Having a man (I'm assuming) sucking your dick is doing you a favour?  Really?  To each their own I guess."""
"""only 1 earned run charged to Weaver,  the other 2 were unearned due to errors"""
"""Welcome to Socialist Serfland.  Hope you enjoy your stay."""
"""how did the nonsense technicals play any part in this game?  exactly it didn't. you just wanna make excuses for the old and slow big 3 three"""
"""Stick tha dick back in ya mouth make like its Haloweenand bob for apples. Dumb bitches like you dont deserve to talk"""
"""2 pints for a tenner, a pub near me charges Â£4.10 a pint so that should be Â£4.30 after the budget,  Sick"""
"""Maybe you are the braindead moron, religious bigot."""
"""The pills are your little technicolor friends. They stop the voices in your head."""
"""Watch It Romney, You Are Starting To Act Like Ole-Buma, Marco Rubio is Not Eligible For The VP Spot, He Does Not Meet The Birth Requirement Of Our Constitution..... You Had Better Clarify Your Statement or You Will Lose Votes. Cheers Semper Fi"""
"""dude dont troll........leave them alone"""
"""whats your bankroll look like"""
"""Don't keep Nag waiting.  It's hard on his knees.  'Twisted'.  Tonight.  Bromance."""
"""GAY FAGGOT NERD FUCKERS TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOOLOLOLOLOLLLOLLLLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL"""
"""I think you're making a fairly common mistake in assuming anyone who doesn't vote Conservative is ""progressive"". Most of the Labour heartland up here in the North is deeply conservative in attitudes towards benefits, immigration, Europe and many other things, but the Tory Party are badly damaged goods here. Labour just put the frighteners on the voters by saying ""vote for us or the Tories get in again"".If the Tory party implodes and is no longer there to be used as a threat, Labour will not last much longer."""
"""@jjdjjd @raygillies550 Again, are you against abortions in the case of rape and incest? In the case of the mother's health? In the case of the fetus not being viable? If not, how many of those 340,000 were those sort of cases?"""
"""This is pretty, but I like your other necklace better."""
"""your ego makes you less qualified."""
"""Most common things Miami Heat ""fans"" say:1) Lebron is the GOAT2) You are just a hater3)  You mad bro?"""
"""Why should Putin deal?  He just murders those of differing opinion.  It's good to be the President."""
"""They'll be throwing each other in the bin, but that works, too."""
"""Love you Jac as always -- you are true to yourself.  Good for you for saying no to the tabloids."""
"""lets see them. LOL he is a moron"""
"""Damn.r.ip. lilphat.streets gon miss u.webbie keep yo head up.got u wen I drop a new sng.niggas drroppn like flies in my city can't be caught slippn outcha"""
"""Damn!!! You are quite the hottie!!!!!"""
"""Those taxpayers you scorn pay your wage and ridiculous benefits, moron.  you make me sick and are beneath contempt.  You're the product of a legalized monopoly negotiated by people trying to buy influence with unlimited supplies of taxpayer money.  Screw off, parasite."""
"""Definitely the number of questions asked drives engagement,  It is not easy to have what appears to be direct access to one of the world's most famous newspapers.  Plus they ask questions that are extremely relevant to the moment.  And some of their content is behind a pay wall so this feels like ""free access"""""
"""The greatest generation that won World War II and saved our nation and the world from Hitler are the old white men and women."""
"""The law is against federal law. It's basically an illegal law! Then again, the crony conservatives here are well known as everyday average crooks anyways. The sheeple voters are used to this sort of thing...."""
"""Woman from my avatar should be on number 1 :P"""
"""wrent that when stokes eys da was aressted when his pub was raided and the rira was in there """
"""I think its called the likeometer"""
"""http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Ejga4kJUts&ob=av2e love this chick's voice"""
"""rape, defication, urination, squatting on private property... all crimes against society..."""
"""How much trouble would I get into if I just walked up to someone and punched them in the face? (I'm looking at you izzy gutierrez)"""
"""And your point is that the heterosexuals have brought in a peaceful, loving and beautiful world? Read the news. Heterosexuals have brought the world to the brink of destruction.Your logic is off. What is there to ""consider, or think deeply on""  when a homosexual is born this way.  When did you think and consider deeply about becoming a heterosexual (if you are)  and then stand on the mountaintop to tell the rest of us how it's done? To drill into gays and lesbians that they are sick and perverted and shame them to death is a one way ticket to a Muslim country with Sharia law. You can pack your bags and go anytime.Get used the new world. It's not going away... unless the heterosexuals destroy it sooner than later."""
"""Lsempa, she is not, its called ceap popularity. If she was in she would be just like M7 and the others"""
"""sure u are the baddest nigger"""
"""fat lip monkeys get shot???and how r u smarter then blacks because u have a rice dick and suck noddles all day dont make u smart"""
"""The GOP just can't help themselves. Â The only way I see them having their nominee elected is focus on the economy. Â I think it's doing better, and stats show it is but that's the underbelly of Obama. Â Instead, the GOP is focused on a ""pure"" candidate and bringing issues such as contraception into the discussion is a dead bang loser for the GOP, but by all means continue to tell women you know best."""
"""Amir Bhai you are really doing the Great Job, A Job, A Duty, A Humanity of every Good Citizen of your beloved India. May ALMIGHTY ALLAH bless you and your loving ones. Keep It Up......."""
"""CLOSE YOUR MOUTH CHIMP"""
"""yes holder , you have a right to be there no matter how much of a crook you are, not to mention the racism you inject everytime you speak !  after all....gaybryan like you !"""
"""Haney you suck as a painter...keep your day job...wait you suck at that too"""
"""GAY FAGGOT NERD FUCKERS TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOOLOLOLOLOLLLOLLLLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL"""
"""it's called living below your means adhoc...it's entirely possible if they both worked 43 years to accumulate 3 million and probable, as teachers they probably have a good level of sensability. Plus teachers could mean college professor...who make quite a bit at many universities."""
"""Or the alternate address - their corporate headquarters: ï»¿ï»¿ï»¿5005 LBJ Freeway, Suite 250Dallas TX  75244"""
"""Not all of us are...only some, dead and alive.  When your leader is a loser, then everyone is lost!"""
"""Um, little fugitive traitor? Your holes are showing."""
"""@Brenda55 I wish you had called in and dropped this knowledge bomb on them!  They wouldn't have known what to do with themselves."""
"""I understand your comments and concerns about national safety and secrets, but you can certainly bet that whatever that is, our enemies undoubtedly already know more about it than we probably ever will.  National Secrets?  Not!!"""
"""To be or not to be:that is the question!"""
"""no your not dickhead.I WON THIS FIGHT!"""
"""And your an idiot."""
"""Cyber-bully is it now, as well as moron, idiot, freak... and the rest.You know you have met your match on this topis, so just go quietly will you. Perhaps I will not spot your next posting, and you will get away with it. Bur perhaps not, and I will have the pleasure of refuting you again, who knows?"""
"""YOu mean something like the romney bus beeping outside of obama speech?"""
"""You flatter him needlessly."""
"""The article really doesn't say much. Israel has an increasing number of illegal aliens to deal with. Got it. Appears that author Ghitis just felt compelled by her congenital left wing bias to write something that almost sounds negative about Israel as propaganda intended to morally normalize what moslems are doing every day in places like Syria."""
"""They #4 SEC would dominate 90% of other conference champs"""
"""Nazi inc,my people didnt forgot Salazar era and there are still many people who remembers it.Too stupid for common sense, sad little nazi? :DYou will never ignore me, because your clownish hatred and clownish comments are always exposed by me."""
"""you are soooo inteligent white girl. Tell us black people more about ourselves. Im sure u know more about us then we do"""
"""You fail miserably in thwarting logic. Ever hear of the ""rule of law"" in your obviously pathetic educational backround? Idiots like you make blogs fun to laugh at, but you have no place in society as anything other than a clown. How many commendations from Congress or Presidential administrations? Zero. Who are you and what significance are you to our world? I think zero sums it up. A big fat waste of resources on an obviously flawed specimen of the human race."""
"""You are clearly stupid, that is what he meant you thumb."""
"""@Rourke needs to give me a fucking like Bah! I know! I've been doing editing work at night, so it's been tough to do other stuff."""
"""Proof positive that you are idi0t"""
"""If you love the Argentines so much Waters.....why dont you pack up that turd of a son of yours and piss off to live there with your new mates...lets see what the Argentinians do when they find that little cretin son of oyur hanging off one of their memorials"""
"""patt i put pagan second because you have speed on the bases with your first 2  hitters"""
"""They're ALL taking orders from the Globalist bankers because they are ALL bought and paid for. But you've obviously been very well programmed to be a seriously nasty opponent of ALL things American...you're an idiot plain and simple."""
"""Nope. Just want to see the blonde's set. Thx ahead of time."""
"""I like all your pins, haha :)"""
"""That d Be Great Except for , you shouldn't use the word "" WE"" You re a pat het ic loser     , living from oa y Che que to pay Che que Haiti Doesn't Need You I doubt you can even help yourself .Thank you"""
"""Hey, hey guys! So, does anyone here know what Nabari No Ou is? It's a manga/anime, and I'm just curious if anyone knows it or likes it. Anyone? XD"""
"""ignorant dumbasses actually think its an angel. Its just a fucking guy walking. Just because hes wearing a white vail that makes him look like holy and christ like. Doesnt mean its an angel.FFS people."""
"""Another big tale coming from someone that has no ideal what in hell he is talking about."""
"""P.S. And drop that loser Suzy.  You are a LOSER and a trouble maker.  Exit stage left, and go get a job.  It is a RAP!!!!!"""
"""Â A simple, history based warning for the Liberals out there.Â  IF you will take a little time to review history, real history, not the revised versions that are, and have become so very popular today, you will find that gays have been persecuted worldwide ever since the Fall of Rome.The radical elements, socialists, Marxists, and Communists encourage the gay movement to indirectly help them become more powerful.Â  Once in control, things will change very dramatically as history clearly shows.Â  What happened to gays in Germany, China. and Russia? What is happening right now to gays in the aftermath of the Arab Spring.Â  The so called hate gays say they get from the Right will one day seem like a little teasing compared to what waits for them if this Republic does not survive.Â  We the People are (All of us) on a very dangerous path.Â  The current Administration must be defeated at all cost in November. Our very Liberty requires nothing less!Â  Â  """
"""When did I ever say you're not supposed to like other wrestlers? You can like whoever the fuck you want, I'll just make fun of you a few times about it. And besides you're criteria for people you like is simple too ""root for guys who are hardly featured and hate everyone that everyone likes"" LOL and I don't even like Punk so why would I care that other people should? Game set and match."""
"""More jurk off material for Apple fan boys. Those not living in mom's basement could care less"""
"""Name calling,one of the many techniques used by the disinformationalist who has no viable, logical, well reasoned comment."""
"""Could be a nice little gift for my husband for valentine's day - not long now."""
"""Whoever down-voted your analogy are f***ing idiots.  Well spoken sir."""
"""they knew he was old and could do nothing,bully boy tactics"""
"""I'M THE REASON WHY PEOPLE WATCH WWE PEOPLE POWER."""
"""Penn is just a publicity whore. After Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans, he turned up with a boat to go and rescue people that hadn't evacuated. He also had a full film crew in the boatÂ with him. One of the real First Responders was heard to ask ""Where are theÂ  people you rescueÂ going to sit?"""""
"""Obviously you are a deeply sad, twisted and debauched indivudal whom if I were to meet I would take great pleasure in tearing the face clean off.Why don't You top yourself and o the world a favour, no doubt after you've had one final masturbation anout Jon Venables you little maggot"""
"""Man tht Tgirl is getting that big  phat azz run threw....i ain't gohn lie I'd bust that big ass too...i done some trannys before and its fucking hot..."""
"""Lindsey headed for another train wreck??"""
"""Looks like the dipshat left the building.  What a joke.  Go back to where you came from Bob the slob."""
"""Fuck the kid, lets get the narrator from bastion. Also, he narrates the movie."""
"""Craig and Jay both come off the DL Friday. We'll start playing better.."""
"""Are you kidding me!  Jail!  Way out of line!"""
"""And Bolin's all like ""Fuck you Mako, I'll break up you and Asami!"""""
"""Hi @Rachel Jones / Black Eiffel. I am perfectly fine. I miss you! Thank goodness I have your blog to read, so I can at least admire you from afar. I hope all is well with you and your beautiful family."""
"""Good outing from Buch. He has looked better lately."""
"""Deserving winner! Wonderful submission, and wonderful shelter! God bless the bullys!"""
"""Y vos ya te hacias cantandole como Pedro Infante...."""
"""I strongly recommend you end whatever is going on.  He's upsetting you and is holding you back from finding someone potentially great.  He is an ex and you don't owe him any of your time.  Good luck."""
"""A Sony troll?? That's something new. How are you dude?"""
"""Please, spell my fucking name right..."""
"""Morteza Hosseini, you're an idiot."""
"""let me guess a spinoff with the kid named ""Just some guy"", which would be a dramatic series about how much charlie sheen, duckie and ashton fucked up his life because he had to do naked photo shoots with them?"""
"""go eat some ships and shut the fuck up .....you are nothing but a stupid"""
"""is your guys is having u stand by"""
"""Just a puzzled query (or perhaps I'm just 'stirring the pot') - given that the swirling membership is so knowing about oils, essences, creams and such ... what out there is going to be good for your rainbeaus?Do you really expect him to stay looking youthful and sexy forever, without a little help? - because you can be sure he won't do it for himself, lacking the background.Aside from hormone replacement testosterone cream (1 ml applied to skin daily), what is your WM (or Asian M) gonna need ... that doesn't leave him greased-up-and-shiny or smelling like fru-fru, piss-ante, faggoty-ass stuff.Think about it, folks."""
"""I've only been a fan since the ""A"" line, Elias, Arrnott and Sykora."""
"""@noBjustRyan @jakesnake99 not when it comes to injury history"""
"""@JHD = I TOLD YOU SO Interesting selection of schools to say the least."""
"""The reason most people are gay is because they are to ugly or stupid to find a mate of the opposite sex. Fundmentals of science, the preservation of the species does not lend its self well to qweers and lezzies. You are obomination before nature, To bad your parents were not gay."""
"""This is the very reason we here in NJ need to vote out anyone supporting this bill. Liberals love to use this issue against conservatives and yet they voted it down in CA. They use it politically but dislike it personally. Liberals are worse than the scum they suck up to. Thank goodness for Christie. """
"""Cover yout tits and their is no issue skank."""
"""50 million Americans are on food stamps, jobs are flying overseas at breakneck pace, we keep shooting ourselves in the foot as far as energy independence, John Corzine walks about free as Americans who speak against the government are persons of interest to Homeland Security, millions of undocumented people pour over the border, and the official policy is not to prosecute them unless they kill Americans or interfere with the CIA's hegemony over drug profits, (yet Granny is forced to take off her diaper, and humiliating scrutiny so that she can be with family to die with dignity (too late)), Congress reaps the profits of insider trading while the system is gamed for the banking and corporations so they can offshore their booty tax free, yet our leaders are behaving like grade school children, sticking their tongues out at one another. And we wonder why America is drowning in debt and beholden to foreign banking interests?Â  We have the audacity to lecture Greece, yet our debt makes their liabilities look like penny candy. Keep voting for children people, don't blame DC; look in that mirror."""
"""nice live stylehttp://healh-med-news.comok """
"""That thing looks like Sloth from the Goonies. Should have scrapped it and made a new one. And dear chrisitans, your God did that to him. So fuck him and fuck you."""
"""J.B., thinking of you today, and hoping you will be content in your new home, never think your sacrifice goes unnoticed, or forgotten, proud of you, Dotty Griffith..."""
"""@YinzerinCT  @BGW You and her would have the greatest reality tv show of all time. I would watch you verbally abuse her all day and night."""
"""They aren't too thrilled about a guy who might get indicted for fraud and impeached if this Congress turns around and becomes a little less fascist."""
"""Who fuck drew dat? Oh wait haha"""
"""You can't see it because you're a clueless idiot. Show me how he is helping the middle class you stupid Obama semen slurper"""
"""Lebron and Wade doing work on the courtChris Bosh sitting on the bench.  ""Forever alone"""""
"""Former MSNBC host Keith Olbermann doubled his audience overnight when, in 2003, he delivered a series of pathological attacks on President Bush. In 2008, the former sportscaster struck perhaps a personal best: u201cYouu2019re a fascist! Get them to print you a t-shirt with u2018fascistu2019 on it!...You, sir, have no place in a government of the people, by the people, for the people. The lot of you are the symbolic descendants of the despotic middle managers of some banana republic to whom u2018freedomu2019 is an ironic brand name, a word you reach for when you want to get away with its opposite.u201d"""
"""Poor Liberty Rose.  I have watched her battle via her facebook group and the entire family are so brave!  It was so wonderful when her tumour disappeared! The teacher is disgusting, why would you make any 4 year old clear up after an ACCIDENT let alone a child who is disabled following a cancer battle!!!!  Shame on the teacher and on the school come to that! Well done Dawn & Carl, keep fighting for your beautiful Daughter!  """
"""never ratified?get the fuck out of here and go back to your silo."""
"""I am ashamed to have ever supported this piece of crap. at one time he seemed to have good actions for this state and this country but it all went down hill with the anger he held inside. if something doesnt change soon we will see alot of this type of death because this country will go to war over the claim of this land. many will die and it wont be pretty but this country will be back in the hands of real AMERICANS. obumbles must go and I blame him for this."""
"""@adamomars  @Dieofnv the very last thing i said was that you sound like an idiot because you just like mcshay don't do research. the fact that you said that this is your main source of gaming news just proves your an idiot. stop being tough on the internet"""
"""""Papism""?  How about ""Popery""?  Aren't you late for your klavern meeting?  Sheets washed and starched?  Eyelits cut in the white hood?"""
"""me-hole - hahahaha - fuc&*ng class"""
"""And I'm reading now that his apology was a Sarah Palinesque apology no less: claiming that his detractors have found their ""gotcha"" moment by quoting this idiot verbatim..smh"""
"""The day when the Sharia or the book of Leviticus becomes law you will be right. For now we have laws made by man and these state that being gay is legal. Don't like it? Move to Iran. They say over there that there are no gays there,."""
"""No ass kicker, yours!!!!!"""
"""Don't let the door hit you on the way out and I hope your Ronald Reagan blow-ups dolls to well in Nepal. """
"""This website should have been named www.haterscentral.com because this website is full of people like you."""
"""WAIT!!  They already are you little toad!!  They're yours!  The rapists, the murderers the tax cheats, you name it!  They're ALREADY YOURS!"""
"""What's he going to say? ""Nope sorry. Next question."". Then they would of criticized him for not answering a simple question. its lose-lose for him."""
"""Mane she stupid as fuck thinking everybody pose be nice to her fat out of shape ass they go hard at beyonce why would people not diss  her fat ass"""
"""According to the on-the-scene french newsman, happened to be moving through the crowd.  That's all it takes."""
"""Â I know this is a bitoff-topic but it seems a little slow around here and I was wondering if anyonehad read any of this stuff about Santorumâ??s wife. Iâ??m not positive that itâ??strue yet but I havenâ??t been able to prove it isnâ??t so do your own researchâ?¦..Mail Online:Revealed: Wife of pro-life presidential candidate Rick Santorum hadlove affair with abortion doctor 40 years her senior... who delivered her asbabyÂ The wife of fiercelypro-life presidential hopeful Rick Santorum had a six-year love affair with anabortion doctor, 40 years her senior - who, incredibly, delivered her as a baby- it has emerged. Karen Santorum, 51, who, like her husband, opposes abortioneven in cases of rape and doesn't believe in using birth control, lived withPittsburgh abortion pioneer Dr Thomas E. Allen for most of her 20s in the 1980s."""
"""And nobody partially gives a fuck about you or your gaRbage state"""
"""And what are you going to do tough guy?"""
"""You do realize, Big 12, SEC, B1G or Pac teams would have to lose 1-2 games for an ACC team to make the NCG, right?"""
"""Take your meds"""
"""My favorite part was show killing Vince with a shot of air."""
"""So in your perverted mind if someone posts something about Obama that is ""discredited""  it is ok for you to post the unmitigated bullshit that you do?WHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAA HA HA HA"""
"""To be fair to Troyzan, he didn't start alienating people until it was 100% clear that he was going home the next time he didn't have immunity.  That's when he started acting like a dick, doing the whole ""THIS IS MY ISLAND!"" shit when he won, etc.  Before that, he was working the social game just fine."""
"""PRESIDENT ROMNEY!!!!,It has a nice ring to it!!!!"""
"""you are an idiot and doubt very seriously you have ANY proof to back such a ridiculous statement"""
"""@XxTheBossxX227 which one there's 2? """
"""Campy is sorta similar to Compy, which brings us to Compsognathus, a scavenger. Why, I think I've gained an insight into the mind of Glenn Beck along the way, in addition to getting a better handle on our good troll Campy."""
"""@daddymention thanks man."""
"""Hispanics are a bunch of hot-blooded people. Loud, drunk, murderous, and always in    h e a t!!"""
"""You really are NOTHING but an animal, aren't you?Have a nice day, I sincerely hope you manage to get some help for your anger issues.You are OBVIOUSLY DEEPLY DISTURBED and you have my sympathy."""
"""I was just pointing out a fact as to why most SEC fanbases are borderline crazy.  It's all they have.  If that made you upset, get fu<v>cked you whiny little b<v>itch"""
"""Let's prove your theory by having you chewed for a few seconds and see where you stand. Hopefully your jugular won't be touched."""
"""you are really a great woman and mother. God will continue to bless you and your family."""
"""Additional thoughts based on other people's info:1. I kind of agree with the being a SmackDown star thought though eventually I think Bryan should have a legit shot at the title. Maybe just blatantly move him to Raw, so he can. And please don't mention Tensai. The guy is not ready to challenge Punk for the title and hopefully never will be,2. Ew, Big Show? Even when I used to despise Show for his booking, I would never say ew. Seriously, who says that?3. None of you guys really pointed out the fact that this is only falling in line for Jericho. He won't come back immediately. He is touring with Fozzy now and will be gone a lot of the summer. The only one who is hurt is Orton who we get to right afterwards.4. Wait, why are we talking about two newcomers getting their very first PPV match against the face of SmackDown? Sandow and Cesaro are not at a point that they should be wrestling against Orton. Miz would be a good choice if he weren't falling so far and so fast lately. I stand by Ziggler or Judas' idea of having Orton be the special guest referee.5. Raw had at least the Punk/Bryan segment. Also, when you say there is no tag team division, you seem to miss the fact that the division is in full rebuild right now. Everyone from the Usos to Darren Young and Titus O'Neil to Hawkins and Reks to the AW stable is stepping up and finding a place. In fact, the least fluid team right now might be the champions who still don't feel like a real tag team or a serious threat. As far as SmackDown vs. Impact, I agreed with the guys on Impact, but you guys are sometimes underscoring SmackDown which was very solid story-wise and especially wrestling-wise.6. Yeah, obvious the TNA move was positive while the Raw move is polarizing.7. Wow, a lot of Hogan lovers. ""He made the show better."" ""Best mic work of his career."" What? Hogan was great on the mic in the 80s and 90s. He has not improved. He has lost his wits and charisma for the most part. Laurinaitis plays his role to perfection, and he brought about the great Extreme Rules PPV. He is a long term storyline, taking over the company one step at a time. Hogan has not improved programming. The creative team has just come up with a couple good ideas since Hogan arrived. Sorry, but at least Laurinaitis doesn't have an easy replacement.8. Btw, Sean, you aren't ahead of me anymore. I went for a perfect 20 at Over the Limit putting me in clear first. Second, I see some of your points, and Shelley could work. I just think Morgan has to be the choice now. It could end up being wrong, but Shelley is a much less safe and much more long term choice.9. I stick by what I said. Sting shouldn't be wrestling any more. He doesn't have the skill or the presence he once had. He is just a symbol being hopelessly dragged around by TNA desperately.10. Wait, so no Angle then? Then it will probably be Sting. If not, people need to realize that Roode has feuded with Hardy already. He has feuded with Styles already. Basically, that means it is someone fresh like Austin Aries or Samoa Joe. Or it's Anderson who has been built to it. So I guess I'll say I hope it's Anderson over Sting, but it will probably be Sting."""
"""No you f u c k head!!!!!!!!!!!"""
"""you are really stupid"""
"""""Let adults make their own decisions, just as long as they are not directly hurting or endangering others.""Your words. Nothing was put in your mouth other than the crap that came out of it.""I'm not sure any rider is expecting society to pick up the tab"" That's the point. They don't bother to even consider that their choices have significant impacts on others. Those who demand complete freedom are completely selfish.And, for those who are also as blind as you, rather than ""jumping on the first comment you saw"", I posted 40 previous comments, often undermining either the facts or the logic of other libertine fools like yourself."""
"""hahaha wtf? ""jesus christ"" you retard, don't embarrass yourself on the internet."""
"""Posted farther down in a response...felt it wasÂ germane to what we are discussing a great deal of today:""The prince of this world"" (John 12:13) Â is a master of false systems. Â He crafts entire schools of thought that can suck us in and destroy us...He's behind false religions, falseÂ philosophies, false doctrine, false morality, and everyÂ systemÂ of that that cannot lead anyone to God. Â He has infiltrated governments, economies,Â educationalÂ institutions, and anything that has influence in this world. Â The conclusion John came to is sobering. Â ""The whole world lies in the power of the evil one""(John 5:19).'The Invisible War', Chip Ingram"""
"""amen. you are true blue as usual.  G-D bless you"""
"""Haha nice one Drew :D you got me :P good game!"""
"""Aww its ok you too young for a tattoo haha having tattoos of your idols is not gay i have my dad and grandpa tattooed on me is that gay nope your a idiot and immature little bitch."""
"""@FamousOriginalLucas i imagine spending a thousands of dollars on a product that people keep saying sucks is probably not that fun.  I am surprised he lasted this long.  Also, the name calling was way over the top.  Ted can be tough to have a convo with, because he often wanted to win at all costs, but still, i dunno...whatever."""
"""she may. you don't really know what she is going to do. this was just this weekend after all. hold your judgement off a little bit, won't you."""
"""@jeremyziglar @butch.fries There is a WAFFLE STATION, GODLESS LIBTARD. tHAT IS WHY!"""
"""suck your own dick you assfuck! you must die, you gay cock sucker! bullshit!!!!!!!!"""
"""and once the power is gone there is no more gas for cars  mean no emts  no hospitals   the store are closed   and yes berry is doing this   and all the time zooming around in a jet  that leaves a carbon foot print we could never match  oh and moocle has a jet also  and 4 fighter jets to protect her"""
"""but remember....this is the same guy who's logic said if weÂ spendÂ trillions of dollars, we would subtract from the debt.....and, if we divided wealth, it would multiply......and, if we MirandizedÂ terroristsÂ we wouldn't have to be cruel and blow them up silently from the skiesÂ the man is a psychopathÂ """
"""Hodgson was obviously rattled by the uproar about Ferdinand (which is a nonsense really), that he went and filled more than half the team with black players to prove that he's not a racist! He definitely went over the top! Ashley Cole, Joleon Lescott, Defoe: Definitely YES. But Oxlade-Chamberlain, and out of form Walcott?? Young didn't do much either!If you're going to manage a team, block out all the noise from the outside (Ferdinand) and get on with the job. It's either that or risk England going out in this preliminary stage u2014 and then the shyte will really hit the fan... (or, rather, the fans will hit you with shyte)!"""
"""yea aren't you"""
"""It's the man in white, get it right. And he only goes to home games."""
"""Yes,, we can see you out there and every week you kill us just a little bit more.  Don't you know how sensitive we are?Please clap.  We're officially begging you now."""
"""HAHAHAHAHA you can't handle the fact that I know you're a fraud."""
"""Its a sad state of affairs indeed."""
"""SO freaking busy ... so little time, so many fucking idiot sheeple!  I struggle to understand the depths that the zit-club has sunk to.  It's like a never ending sucking machine pulling them down Down DOWN further trapped in the maze of their own delusions.  WHAT?  Hands?  She's devoted a post ... an entire post! to the discussion of hands, complete with blown up pictures and pie charts and hair follicles under the microscope.  I do hope she realizes that she CAN'T get a DNA sample from a picture that Kate posted on her Twitter account."""
"""No difference to them Ford from the people who are Kiwis purely by accident of birth & never done a days work in their lives (& never intend to) or ever contributed to society. Even bigger bludgers."""
"""@avclub-3cd1c74a2b0ffb32176086457dcf543a:disqus I meant basically portraying it as cocaine: ENHANCED! /Super Troopers voice"""
"""""Conservative"" scum bag retort to any criticism of Grifter Queen Bitch:WAAAAA!!!!!!!! They're reporting on stuff!!!! Evil Libruls!! Are you Tina Tampa? You must be...."""
"""yea, identify yourself, dont be only big mouth here. You absolutely dont know me, but technically you can see my facebook id with name and profile pic on it, or else you are too dumb to see it. Come on, TV superstar of bullshit."""
"""The co  founder from facebook  called Savrin now a billionaire who parents come from  parents came here from Brazil . He renounced his citizenship from the USA to dodge taxes and is now a citizen of Singapore."""
"""Rays lost. Picked up some ground on them."""
"""The fact are right in front of all the libtards faces! How long are they going to keep blaming Bush for Obama quadrupling our debt, OUTRAGEOUS spending, lavish vacations, a seperate plane for their dog whenthey do go on vacations and just overall dumb@$$ness?"""
"""Troll SpearAny prospect of you learning to speak like anything except a petulant child? No, huh?--------------------------------------------------------------------------------hey mfcker get the fck off my dick you fuktwatcockbitchfag"""
"""The heat(outside) hasnt been this bad since the finals"""
"""@Kick Ass I've never been pulled over by a guy dressed up in SWAT gear and I used to live in North Hollywood."""
"""And the winners are, you are correct, the lawyers!"""
"""Don't worry, Dis/Marv will re-release some real versions later, almost nullifying these purchase$."""
"""it's shit, I dont think my comment will get here. But its not free and comes with lots of crap you dont need. You M F"""
"""romney would buy it to bankrupt it"""
"""spurs in 3, where you at tony?"""
"""Look, I never said he wasn't an athlete or that he was slow. What I stated was that his numbers make it pretty clear that he is not a feature back. If you think he can carry the ball 260 this season and be effective, there is just no evidence to support it."""
"""Yeah.. She ought to give going after I s l a m a shot.They are much more fundamentalist, rigid, steeped in religious dogma and practices. But then again.. they might blow up her car. C o w a r d."""
"""Sounds like you just make it up as you go along!! This a bunch of yahoos hell bent on a witch hunt, not a criminal court!Reach down and way under, grab and pull out your head....There now, you are free!"""
"""it will take a tough man to correct the nation's problems, not a milksop limpwrist like Mr. Obama...being vetted and found out and recognized is a tough process and the toughest of the tough will gut it out and win the nominationÂ  -Â  which is exactly the way I want to see it....the process is messy...its called ""democracy""Â  ....and the Republican Nominee put forward will blow past Mr. Obama when the real election begins.Â  """
"""She is as irrelevant as Bush, Sarkozy and the other practioners and adherents of this  conservative austerity bullshit.  Obama better get his finger up and learn which the wind is blowing, because he is about half austere himself.  This shit has had its day and people now know it was all a manufactured solution that was counter-intuitive from the beginning and it was sold to frightened people by snake oil salespeople.  It is great to see that people all over the world are finally waking up and rejecting this shit once and for all; except for those ignorant followers of that fear monger extraordinaire Wrong Paul®u2122!The Vons were educated idiots who fooled a lot of people from Europe to America for a long time!  When this  Austrian School economic scourge is wiped from the face of the earth I will be a happy man!  Until then I will harass and condemn all who advocate, worship it and/or practice it!  For far too many like Wrong Paul®u2122 it is a religion.  Fuck them!"""
"""You're a dim-wit."""
"""#WWEsucks#nWo4Life#FuckSummer#WeAreInControl"""
"""BITCH ASS NIGGA, WE KNOW YOU A COWARD, YOU SCARED TO PUT UP A PROFILE PIC! GET THE FUCK OUT HERE!"""
"""Nice girl but Whiteout is one of the worst films I have ever seen"""
"""You're a complete idiot!"""
"""Yes they do....and the price we pay is our children's future."""
"""You mean ""clacking"" back at him? LOL  He's someone TYPING to you.. on a computer.. somewhere...  He as NO relevance on your life nor in your life. And you choose to let him impact you as if he does. My action or NON action, rather comes from me KNOWING what I could do to somebody if I get mad. And knowing that I CAN'T do nothing about him because he has NO bearing on my life!!!"""
"""santorum is the medias sweetie pie!!obamas medias loving him cuz they know in a head to head w/obama,santorum would be destroyed,badly!!!-foxnews is loving santorum because they hate newt,foxnews,all of them yanked santorum up from last place where hed been for months,BUILT rick up prior to iowa, all we heared on foxnews was ogh rick,hmm rick,somethin about rick, fact is there was nobody left to make newt gone,so for now santorums horrible record of huge earmarks,voted to raise debt limit 6 times,ricks a well know wash politician,bluecollar regular guy?lolo!!take a closer look!! rick has basically copied newts ideas,but rick lacks substance,bigtime!! foxnews is gleaming with joy now,not cuz they love rick,they dont!!cuz the put rick in to get newt out strategy for now has worked.the media is speaking of newt in the past tense,they made this mistake twice in the last year!! dont expect fox or any of the other nosey ass,politically obsessed reporters to expose rick santorum for what they know he really is,A BIG PROBLEM IF THE NOMINEE,BIG!!"""
"""Hughes is a real dummy. Just proves that you need a brain to be a manager, hence his success over the years."""
"""desperate sad women"""
"""And why do we need that when practically even the worst secrets get though?"""
"""How much does entitlement take up?"""
"""I'll take your word for it.Just out of dumbfounded curiosity one time, I took the figures for ""existing nuclear weapons"" and divided it by time.I found that, at that time, there were enough nuclear weapons on Earth to detonate one each second for thirteen hours ... and more (I no longer remember the exact amount of time.)We had enough nuclear weapons to detonate one every second of every minute for over thirteen hours.It was about then that I became clear what ""insanity"" was."""
"""AlisterDogWhat a great show! Between this and fringe and several other shows this is just the best TV season evah! And btw all, yes ALL, of these are available on hulu so even tho I worked last night and missed all of them, I just finished watching every episode of every show I missed! Fuck, I love the 21st century!"""
"""you sound like you need a hug :)"""
"""Hey, Buttfuckle, when your wife is hip deep in the lime light destroying Republicans, will she still have time to vacuum your rug and wipe your bottom for you?What color will your nanny be?"""
"""Last year, you're saying we ARE bankrupt, Understand grammar?"""
"""Shut up, stupid. You said that NONE Of them do.Then you said the ones who do, do so to troll Westerners.Now you're changing your story again. You're truly an imbecile."""
"""Don't pick on prophet just because he went all muslim recently."""
"""Why not?  They used flame throwers in Aliens?"""
"""I fuck my wife while playing fallout 3 and fap to Gran Turismo 5"""
"""WHAT SIZE ARE YOU?"""
"""You know your history..."""
"""Better if it were a 500 though."""
"""You're the stuff of nightmares, moron"""
"""@Kick Ass @Maybe Because you have men and women of different ideological persuasions, along with judicial philosophies, who have shaped Establishment Clause jurisprudence for centuries.  Expecting some consistency is like expecting the sun to rise in the west."""
"""I FUCKED YOUR WHITE MOM GGG. YOU KNOW THAT STANDS FOR GERMAN GOO GIRLS RIGHT? SOME RAUNCHY ASS PORNOI, I ACTUALLY THINK I SAW YOU ON IT GETTING YOUR BLACK ASS PISSED ON"""
"""Next Pete Hoekstra's ad should star Michelle Malkin."""
"""Brewers > DodgersBraun > KempEnd of thread.:)"""
"""They are only covering it because CBS has been for over six months.  They can't look as if they ignored the story.  CNN's ratings are already bad enough."""
"""He'll do after the dressage He is really one of us.Who doesn't like dressage?"""
"""Really?  Seriously?  People thowin' trash out on the road ain't right?  Ya think?  So you noble knights are going to do something about somethin' that ain't right?  Can ya think of, oh, ANYTHING ELSE that ain't right?   Mental AND moral giants.Fellas:  when you hang around in your little groups and talk crazy, you are missing out on normal feedback.  Then when you climb out from under your rock, you forget that we can all see that you don't have the sense God gave a goat.  Please go back underground and stay there for everyone's sake."""
"""1) This is a sham to begin with, because there is no law in existence which keeps homosexual people from spending their lives together in anyway they see fit -- this is a manufactured ""injustice"" in attempt to force people to call them ""normal"".2) To answer your question directly, once you blur the lines to make one group of people feel better about themselves ( pretend that men ""marrying"" men or women ""marrying"" women is normal ), then who is the next group waiting for their chance to blur the lines further?The question really becomes, why have any lines at all?Â  What is marriage after all?""That is why a man leaves his father and mother and is united to his wife, and they become one flesh.""Â  Genesis 2:24Whether you regard the Bible as a moral authority, it does show that the concept of marriage was between a man and a woman as far back as at least 6000 years -- I think that makes it fairly well established.There are a lot of people in the world who desire evil -- people who want to live their lives pursuing ""feeling good"" -- these people use drugs, child molestation, rape -- anything that makes them feel good for the moment.Â  How is that different from homosexuality?Â  This is something that is clearly not by design, yet it makes you feel good -- so do you do what's right or do you do what makes you feel good?In your pursuit of doing what makes you feel good rather than what is right, you do it long enough, and then you say that guilty feeling is because of other people and that you need to force them to change because after all, it's totally normal that you are doing what you are doing ( rationalization ).You may not believe in an ultimate authority, but what happens when you have helped convert the whole world to your way of thinking -- reduced any shred of morality to the lowest common denominator?Â  When all of us are free to pursue whatever lust happens to pop into our hearts when we wake up in the morning?Â  It's already happening now really -- schools are pushing harder and harder for younger and younger kids to be ""instructed"" in every last detail of the most pornographic forms of sex -- desensitizing the nation.Â  Why?"""
"""I don't know why you lot are complaining about Mr. Barroso. Of course he is unelected, he is a Communist Commissar for God's sake. They are appointed not elected by the people, because that's not how the true democracy of the workers works.  Just work hard, pay your taxes, then give them to him, through HMRC and the Lib Dems, to spend as he sees fit. Don't worry, Communist Commissars do not make mistakes, he WILL spend your hard earned cash very carefully. Don't you know how lucky you are to have him. And another thing, also be thankful for that other Commissar, Comrade Rumpy Pumpy, and please don't describe him as a cross between ET and a lettuce leaf, otherwise its the Gulag Correction Centre for you."""
"""Shows how difficult it is to come outA lot of gay people hate themselves because of how we treat one another - and that sux.I think ""revolt today"" hates himself."""
"""is your hat white with a point? does it hide your face! And i don't need to learn from you, your mind is gone; sick"""
"""@SWGADAWG @JenniferLesley @JasonHairyDawg @hamm5 @DisneyDawg He impressed me with his QB skills while running a wing T offense. He has impressed everyone at camps since before he ever started a game. He is in touch on twitter and obviously more personally with many UGA recruits. I think he is definitely all dawg and I can't blame him for feeling blessed to receive a scholarship offer from the reigning national champs as a junior in high school. I am a huge UGA fan, and even I would be pretty proud of that. """
"""My 1st girlfriend in highschool was Greek...she had hair between her breasts...freaked me out...have never been the same since.Speaking of Greeks and freaked out...why is Wall Street so freaked out over Greece...a country covered in goat turdsand men parading down the beach with their schlongs a'swinging.The bottom line...Teachers are always getting fucked by political promises...and as a result of the total disrespect...they are lashing out in all types of unusual behavior.If you hear a politician in 2012 throw around more bullshit on how he's going to make life better for Teachers...do the Teachers a favor... DON'T vote for them."""
"""you can't import from yourself.  stupid."""
"""...gorgeous! Get off your high horse Sun, have a look around your office  (including your page 3 girls!!!) and find how many people you have  without any cellulite"""
"""@Flying Squid @publishermike We can hope.  It all depends on if he can pull the money together, of course."""
"""i don't like reacting to trolls but god @absolutejoke is boring"""
"""haha you don't own an iphone? man your fucking poor"""
"""u201cWith respect to the notion that I can just suspend deportations through executive order u2014 thatu2019s just not the case. Because there are laws on the books, that Congress has passed u2014 and I know that everybody here at Bell is studying hard so you know weu2019ve got three branches of government. Congress passes the laws. The Executive branchu2019s job is to enforce and implement the laws, and then the Judiciary has to interpret the laws. There are enough laws on the books by Congress that are very clear in terms of how we have to enforce our immigration system, that for me to simply through executive order ignore those congressional mandates would not conform with my appropriate role as president.u201d-Barack Obama 2011"""
"""Sigh. Just take my fucking money, I guess."""
"""More people were picking the rangers and angels than the tigers."""
"""Democrats are retiring this year en-mass !Â Â  28 have said they won't be seeking re-election with more expected to drop out later this year !Â Â  Must suck to be a democrat this year !"""
"""Warning LWeather and clock is not working right now."""
"""I WAS SO DELUSIONAL REGARDING CNN.  I USED TO BRAG ABOUT HOW THEY ARE FAIR AND ONLY DEAL WITH TRUTH IN REAL ISSUES AND POLITICS.  BUT THAT JUST GOES TO SHOW YOU THAT THERE IS VERY VERY LITTLE INTEGRITY LEFT ANYWHERE IN THE COUNTRY.  CNN IS JUST AS BIASED AS FOX NEWS IS.    CNN LIKES GAYS/LESBIANS/PEDOPHILES AND PORNAGRAPHY, WHY DO THAT LIKE IT BECAUSE THE ENTIRE STAFF, INCLUDING THE PRESIDENT OF CNN ENGAGE IN THESE TYPE LIFESTYLES-THAT IS WHY!"""
"""I had my time with mental cases  Four2go has  a rejection problem"""
"""So sad. 74 lives wasted, and for what?! What was the point of all this violence?!"""
"""You are wasting your breath, BC.  Argie is most likely a paid shill for AIPAC.  Israel has an entire propaganda program called Megaphone, etc."""
"""I SEE YOU ARE DETALINGING WHAT HAPPENED IN YOUR FAMILY, YOU FORGET THE PART WHERE YOUR FATHER ATE THE EBST PART OF YOU OFF YOUR MOTHERS AZZ CRACK"""
"""i know it's a movie but sometimes it's just annoying when i see bitches fawking shit up"""
"""You think Russians Jews, Israelis are doing this?"""
"""@Flying Squid So, we turn our local police departments into para military units because a handful of cops didn't have M-16s and went against some baddys with mini-14s with the result of a handful being killed.  When was the last time that happened?  Next time you get pulled over by a guy dressed up in SWAT gear I bet you'll think twice.  It's happened, and it's wrong."""
"""DG--You're really an asshole...I hope you don't have children."""
"""No one on here has ever been censored...EVER!"""
"""@n.akuatuta ill take anything over, ""i gota do a better job"", but i inserta a"""
"""Otherwise quit acting like an internet tough guy who lives in his moms basement."""
"""From: Rogers v. Bellei, 401 U. S. 815, 831-3 (1971)(a case involving statutory citizenship forfeiture, discussing dual citizenship/dual allegiance):""The Congress has an appropriate concern with problems attendant on dual nationality. Savornan v. United States, 338 U. S. 491, 338 U. S. 500 (1950); N. Bar-Yaacov, Dual Nationality xi and 4 (1961). These problems are particularly acute when it is the father who is the child's alien parent and the father chooses to have his family reside in the country of his own nationality. The child is reared, at best, in an atmosphere of divided loyalty. We cannot say that a concern that the child's own primary allegiance is to the country of his birth and of his father's allegiance is either misplaced or arbitrary.The duality also creates problems for the governments involved. MR. JUSTICE BRENNAN recognized this when, concurring in Kennedy v. Mendoza-Martinez, 372 U. S. 144, 372 U. S. 187 (1963), a case concerning native-born citizens, he observed: ""We have recognized the entanglements which may stem from dual allegiance. . . ."" In a famous case, MR. JUSTICE DOUGLAS wrote of the problem of dual citizenship. Kawakita v. United States, 343 U. S. 717, 343 U. S. 723-736 (1952). He noted that ""[o]ne who has a dual nationality will be subject to claims from both nations, claims which at times may be competing or conflicting,"" id. at 343 U. S. 733; that one with dual nationality cannot turn that status ""into a fair-weather citizenship,"" id. at 343 U. S. 736; and that ""[c]ircumstances may compel one who has a dual nationality to do acts which otherwise would not be compatible with the obligations of American citizenship,"" ibid. ....           [CONTINUING]"""
"""Hmm. I wonder why the justice department sent in observers for this election. btw - Who is Charles Mahtesian?"""
"""it say something about them 2 coward ass cops...you cant arrest 1 man fucking pussies"""
"""Referred to ""them"" as f ing coons. I'd say that's pretty racist you little slut."""
"""Is that what you say when one of your own family members dies?"""
"""I agree that parents are harming their kids with the sugar and processed food and factory-farmed animal products they feed them. HOWEVER, the USDA has a long history of CAUSING THOSE PROBLEMS, not ending them. I think this practice is foul and untrustworthy, like all government/police-state practices this country is adopting. And yet yes, parents need to wake up and step up their game if they want their kids to outlive them.....since this is the first generation that isn't expected to. And that is in large part due to diet and lifestyle, two things parents have 100% control over. So when I see parents get in an uproar over their right to feed their kids GARBAGE, because that lunch technically is NOT healthy,Â  it is really sad and I feel sorry for the kids. Not trying to be an ass here, but nobody likes the truth...."""
"""Moby Dick = Not a great movie name for today's society. Also who the fuck want to make a movie about a giant whale?"""
"""You are a little too caught up in all of this artificial bs world here . . ."""
"""aww, you poor little cowardly redneckstrong intelligent black woman scares youit must be sad to live life as a right wing redneck cowardly pansy"""
"""Yes, Rush is correct!Â The mainstream media is Obama's watchdog, pure and simple. By the way,iIn case you didn't know it, Â David Brock is a former and disgruntled conservative, who is acting out becasue he felt that conservatives rejected him due to his gay lifestyle! That is exactly why he is vengefully attacking Fox News and all conservatives!â??Media Matters is an arm of the Democratic Party; nothing more, nothing less!Â """
"""You are too into yourself and way out in left field for me to try and reason with you. Your wages and pensions will be cut and you will have nothing to say about it."""
"""@David@Hobbes83 -- I think you are confusing me with OWS, those seditious bastards want to completely abolish the Constitution.  I just want our government to return to it, not destroy it.  """
"""Another loser comment.  I'm am honored that everyone gets to see what an as%hole you really are.  But I'm sure your co - workers at McDonald's already knew that."""
"""You are an azz Mejon!!!"""
"""Is this another 90% thing, Senator Kyle?"""
"""Davis on working for McCain: ""If you thought that ""Celebrity"" ad was racist, you should have seen the ad I wanted to make!"" Reminds me of the scene in Spinal Tap where record company execs shoot down the band's proposed cover for Smell The Glove, and the band's manager tells the exec, ""Well, you should have seen the cover they wanted to do. It wasn't a glove, I can assure you!"""""
"""Okay...here comes the question that could really blow this thing up:Â  Given that WH never manifested anything that suggested that she had a drug problem before she met Bobby Brown, and she did manifest thereafter, to what degree could BB find himself culpable,Â in criminal or civil court,Â in the death of WH if the toxicology tests determine that drugs contributed ton her death?"""
"""I'm quickly starting to loathe this guy. First, he gets caught with pot (which  isn't that serious to me). But then, he gets caught driving 100 mph while drunk. What a piece of sh.it. He could have very easily killed someone or an entire family. Throw the book at this idiot and make him learn. Don't let him play for at least 5 games this season; his return contingent on good behavior. Coming from a Lions fan."""
"""Loser maggot can't make any money because you have no talent.Live in squalor like you deserve."""
"""Just uploaded episode 267 on youtube!!!!!Hope you enjoy!! :) <object style=""height: 390px; width: 640px""><param name=""movie"" value=""http://www.youtube.com/v/dQw4w9WgXcQ?version=3&feature=player detailpage""><param name=""allowFullScreen"" value=""true""><param name=""allowScriptAccess"" value=""always""><embed src=""http://www.youtube.com/v/dQw4w9WgXcQ?version=3&feature=player detailpage"" type=""application/x-shockwave-flash"" allowfullscreen=""true"" allowScriptAccess=""always"" width=""640"" height=""360""></object>"""
"""""As we know"" you are clearly some kind of imbecile with a very black and white view of the world."""
"""Way to be relevant there.  I'm a moron because I like to speak proper English?  Kids these days.  Too much lol and not enough laughing out loud.  Too lazy to use correct grammar.  Anyway, you're wrong.  If it wasn't for people like us, you would be getting much more half assed made game year in, year out.  All these gimmicks you hear of right now is probably because they heard us complain.  If we were like you and were quiet as kept, you wouldn't get anything in return."""
"""@eldlazar@matt48 ""An uncle raping a niece?  In Texas?  Couldn't happen.""Oh it happens -- but in Texas they call it a ""family reunion""."""
"""I like your content thanks for nice posting"""
"""There aren't many people more worried that Obama might lose in November than Beck. When you're making millions selling FEAR to low IQ rubes, Barack Obama in the White House is very good for business."""
"""Didnt ""Like it"",But I didnt mind it"""
"""Or you could have just used your phone as your portal music player, which eliminates the need for you to have the music player at all."""
"""who needs sex, when we getting screwed by the government and the bankers."""
"""Cars kill innocent people. Make them illegal.Knives stab people. make them illegal.Hands choke people. Cut them all off.Water drowns people. Make water illegal. People fall from balconies. make laws that building cannot be more than 1 story.People die of prescription drugs prescribed by Doctors. make Doctors illegal.I figured since you were SO concerned in making us safe. You wouldn't just want to stop at a little plant now would you? Don't be a hypocrite. Come on. Protect us from ourselves by force."""
"""My moms loved her some Dallas back in the day.  Had me watching it.I might have to check it out."""
"""The fact that against Spurs, Balotelli should have got a red card for stamping, and Lescott for a forearm smash, doesn't alter the fact that against Liverpool, City were robbed. They didn't get a penalty they should have got. And had a penalty given against them that was never a penalty. I'd have been pig sick if that had happened to Arsenal. """
"""You want a smack on the back of your head punk?"""
"""That is totally correct. Hitler could never have done what he did without the approvel of most of most Germans."""
"""Damnnnnnn, That shit was epic!!!! What the fuck!!! Wow, keep shreading bro soon you'll be chilling with the big boys. Bmx 4 life nigga!"""
"""LeBron, no matter who says what, you are an incredible player and teammate.  You have played your heart out and we can all see that.  I know that you really don't care what he said, but just letting you know, you and the rest of the team make me proud."""
"""@SlipResistantShoes  @DoobyDoobyDoo  @Adam12 Also this douchebag has been claiming that all these boys are co-conspiring tho get cash the whole time. How can you even freaking say that to victims of sexual abuse. makes me want to punch him."""
"""I agree with most of what you say, but how do you figure we the people allow it?  We have laws and punishment in place. No one is more despised than a child killer."""
"""Big blunder.... I'll take any of them over that ugly dude Rachel madcow any day! And they are 10x smarter than her."""
"""@darzin Well you click your mouse binds, you don't manually use your mouse to click 1 - 10."""
"""Kurius, you said everything that needed to be said here.  I will still add that Charles you are a pretentious toolbox for thinking your opinions are remotely viable.  Scooby..........you moron, DJ's are musicians because they make music.  Just because they don't play an instrument and you don't like the music they produce doesn't mean a damn thing.  Charles and Scooby.....You Fail!"""
"""The problem would go away if we legalized marijuana.  Nobody listens."""
"""And another benefit to counseling is that you don't lose all your friends because you drove them crazy with your constant neediness."""
"""YOU SHUT YOUR FUCKlNG MOUTH YOU DlRTY WHORlNG DRUNK BlTCH"""
"""The Christian church repelled the Islamic conquest of Europe about a thousand years ago, but the secular system in Europe right now has opened the door for the Islamization of Europe.  Muslims in Europe have a birth rate more than 4 times higher than native Europeans so it's only a matter of time."""
"""you are an idiot if you think he really raped her....he's KOBE BRYANT! Thats like accusing Bill Gates of asking for a loan."""
"""I swear I hate when U fresh off the boarder wetback crooked eyebrow short hairy mexicans come on our site and bash on us!!! I CANT WAIT UNTIL A REPUBLICAN IS ELECTED SO THEY CAN SHIP U FUCKIN WETBACKS RIGHT BACK TO MEXICO AND CUBA!"""
"""I am over the limit as prescribed by the law......"""
"""if u gotta still trash talk phi phi o'hara ur pathetic, truly"""
"""Ever eat AIDS infected feces? Just eat your own and you will.."""
"""So you call any teen who gets pregnant a ""dumb bitch""?  That's freakin dumb.  You know, it happens sometimes.  Yeah, try getting out from behind your computer screen and saying that to someone's face, you pussy.   I can't get enough of you ""compassionate, loving, selfless, kind, looking-out-for-your-fellow-man"" libs.  You just love to call everybody who disagrees with you ""bigoted,"" and you don't realize what a polluted soul you have."""
"""Sungjong you are just soooo like a man now. Infinite bias list messed up once again."""
"""Fucking apple fanboys"""
"""konstigt när barca inte släpper bollen utan står där och passar bollen till varandra i 89 min och sen kommer på Oh shit vi måste göra mål också, och då får dem panik sen kommer messi och sätter bollen i nätet 2 min i från matchslut då är det ganska svårt att släppa in mål så... jag förstår att han får det där jävla priset vart enda jävla år."""
"""So, what will you have to say when Obama loses?"""
"""Are you still around sicko?  You're the jackass who abandoned your best friend who came out as gay.  Nice."""
"""No, you are wrong."""
"""Funny you on here talking about the soulful ghetto black people but you on a black site that markets to the ghetto. You know you wish you were black. And if you are black you are a sellout nigga lol. You are just an actor. On here to create arguments and division. I see through fools like you. You came here to play a role. Keep playing it because soon its gonna end. Good day."""
"""@echo1 - yeah, don't forget Rev. Wright got $150k to keep his mouth shut in 2008.  Mother's milk indeed."""
"""At least you are, and thats for sure.    :o)"""
"""I recently just watched the documentary Such Hawks Such Hounds and holy god damn sunnuva bitch are there a whole lot of bands I need to start listening to. I have no idea how I've gone this long without listening to Sir Lord Baltimore."""
"""You're a lucky man to have such a clever wife."""
"""<p><span style="""">In 2001, Yomtov AKA Mark, pleaded guilty to molesting the boys, aged between 8 and 10. He served one year in prison and was required to register as a sex offender.</span><span style=""""></span><p>Yomtov AKA Mark has been in violation of sex offender registration requirements since March 2003, according to the website of the California Attorney General&rsquo;s Office. A spokesman for Attorney General Kamala Harris did not respond to requests for clarification on Yomtov&rsquo;s whereabouts."""
"""Oh dear, now you will be sorry, in fact you will probably wish you had  never been born. If you had smuggled it into the UK and were unlucky  enough to get caught, you would have got a slapped wrist by one of our  weak judges. Asia is different, drugs are not tolerated, there are NO  human rights, sentences are long, prisons are real prisons not like the  UK world famous holiday camps!!"""
"""I never said ""what works for the baby."" I said what works for the mother in terms of her health conditions. And her ability to labor and deliver safely.No one wants to kill babies or mothers. Not ever careless Obs."""
"""Nuclear fallout causes cancer. I don't see them trying to prevent it."""
"""are you still here?"""
"""National Post = National Inquirer"""
"""gungongoon, you make Britain what it is today, full of cretinous maggots such as yourself. If you cant say anything intelligent why dont you just keep your big fat mouth shut."""
"""If the Dems want to keep their asses in office then they best toe the line and protect Unions damnit!"""
"""You should man-the-fuck-up and read the God-dammned books. Then whenever someone brings this shit up you can say ""well, I don't watch much TV, but in the <i>book</i>..."""""
"""con il mio nokia rifutavo le chiamate a rutti"""
"""You all suck, like hungry hookers."""
"""Love another?.. But don't love another more than we love our gawd, or else he'll throw us to hell for all eternity - as jesus says in the bible, multiple times.But don't love gay people. Kill them. Kill them all. Kill all nonbelievers as well. And witches. And servants of other gods. Disobeying children? Must be slaughtered. Children who call our prophets bald? Must be torn apart by bears sent by god. Adulterers? Pfft, them too. And so on, ad infinitum. Kill everyone. Except the mindless zealots.Please. The intellectual inconsistency you demonstrate here makes me dizzy.It was SECULARISM and HUMANIST IDEAS that pulled our little society out from the muck of religious people - like you, and worse.Don't you dare to tell me, or any other human being that we were born faulty, sinful, worthless."""
"""weapons??? what planet are you on???"""
"""Yet another ""Straight to DVD"" cliche Gangster film no doubt. Starring, 1 trick pony Danny Dyer and drinking pal Tamer Hassan. Seriously? what fool finances these films? Steer well clear Mr Wright if you actually want to make something of yourself on the big screen."""
"""dropped the ball?did they not just lower all their previous models by $100 as well as refresh them with intels latest architecture?"""
"""You are a fool and do not understand the flattening of the world."""
"""If not news worthy, why are you posting here?"""
"""@Karla OMG! I wish I could say I hadn't gone through it, but I have. I once dated a guy who had lost his job. His fiance had broken up with him because she didn't want to marry an unemployed man.Silly me thought I would be rewarded for being a 'good woman.' That's what he always said to me. As soon as he got another job he made himself very scarce. I was heartbroken. Thank God it now seems like a lifetime ago. Unfortunately things didn't turn out that well for him in the long run though."""
"""you konw what? just know bullshit"""
"""Yo! Anybody add Shoenice on Facebook. He's this badass dude from NY that eats and drinks anything that is suggested towards him and puts it on Youtube. https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100003979494271"""
"""Been here the whole time with this terrible team"""
"""Sounds like you should dump him."""
"""Well! It's going to be an historic moment when Romney clinches the Republican nomination.Mitt Romney is a man of questionable legal and moral birth through his family lineage. There is no doubt he was born in the United States. But his birth--a result of family polygamy--presents an affront to the Christian heritage of this great nation.Mitt Romney's nomination shows just how far this nation has gone, in Christian moral decline."""
"""@tboned208 yahhhhh....it wa all a false rumor!  Me and dave are pretty tight.  We kid each other like that all the time."""
"""You racist bitch"""
"""Thank you J..you are so kind..Enjoy your week!"""
"""Like you."""
"""What the fuck , Why ? I wait for 10 Min and 10 min later I muss wait 23 Hours  What the fuck that is shit"""
"""You really should get other news sources and get you face out of ther gay mags."""
"""God forbid that Applegadget uses a mouse with three buttons, oh the horrors!"""
"""You sure you arnt a pats fan? You seem to know alot about them"""
"""A hammer. A hammer works. Break in with one of those hard rubber ones, if you're a sensitive sort."""
"""Hey Y10, great mets series, missed you all yesterday.Glad we got to use our brooms."""
"""Why do you think that medics are more important?Many other occupations are far more vital to our wellbeing. We'd really be stuck without sanitation engineers or food providers, for example."""
"""Possibly to get your mother and father, you twisted freak!"""
"""You people, as in ""moronic filth."""""
"""All these evangelists are nothing more than money hustlers who take the weak of mind's money. I say if you are that stupid, you deserve to lose your money to them."""
"""Maybe we, the majority who are able to stick to the rules of these boards, should act together to get rid of the trouble malkers. All it takes is 8 people to flag a comment for it to be removed and if the same people keep getting flagged, eventually the moderators will act. Enough people have liked my comment to show that there are plenty who feel the same way as me. If we work together, we can get these boards back to the way they once were."""
"""Other? A virus isn't an organism you idiot. It's a particle. This is why we think you're stupid."""
"""OBFan.  Why are you on this board??  If you don't know that the Senate brings up the bill, AMENDS it and then votes on it, you really should be on the cartoon board not here.  But do not feel bad, most people that support OB are just as dim as you are."""
"""Number one, don't fret over weak Republicans.Number two, I have never seen people so pumped up for the election, they see the major error in voting for Obama and are chomping at the bit to correct that.Number three, simply vote the incumbent Republicans out, I have numerous ones in mind that I will send direct cash to their Republican opponents campaign.It doesn't even matter what these opponents are as long as they are verifiable in their intentions.We had a hoot with the last crop we sent in, looking for more bang for the buck in 2012.It takes multiple elections, so be it.Number four, please man, all caps is just lame."""
"""I can't bash you on the fact you get to spend your time around (usually) attractive, (generally) unintelligent females (at least around here they are, usually give damn good head, though). However, most of the male cheerleaders I know are skinny SOBs, same with the chicks. Throwing a hundred and fifty pound dude in the air, or a hundred and twenty pound chick, is not the same as pushing/pulling around a three or four (or more) hundred pound barbell.So please, you've got what you do, we've got what we do. Don't act fucking superior and most of us wont either."""
"""absolutely ridiculous - how many women tenors are there???"""
"""Extremist #1 :Â Â Â  "" I am tired of people meddling in mideastern affairs.""Extremist #2 :Â Â Â  "" Me, too....Â Â  Let's go blow up somebody in Thailand..Â Â  That should stop it .."" """
"""HAHAHAHAA LOOK AT THE WHITE BOY IN THE CAR WHEN HE SAID ""YOU CANT FUCK WITH ME"""""
"""Fuck that...you force someone to be raped repeatedly every god damn day so your lazy ass can avoid getting a real job, beat her, imprison her, etc etc etc. and yeah every great boyfriend lets their girlfriend turn tricks--- you're fuckin sick, your mental with this way of thinking.  I guess she is out of business if the next pimp knows they are dead man walking...lol... you've got to be joking - you can't really be related to this scum bag, may he burn in hell."""
"""accused but not charged or convicted. you libbies make me laugh. especially you dimwit. you are a copy and paste monkey."""
"""No shit!"""
"""clark just needs to stop pushing and pulling on her and just let her go, dont hate lana just because shes prettier then u"""
"""faggot"""
"""You really should be like the other Lemmings and jump off a cliff."""
"""by your logic also legalize Heroin."""
"""The G.O.P. can cry all they want but ther the ones that screwed up by linking all three of these programs together if they separate them now it will be a political disaster for them they will piss off the unemployed the doctorsÂ and the seniors. The G.O.P.needs to suck it up pass the bill with all three programs until the end of the year. And let everybody know that this is the last of these programs. AndÂ that it won't even come for a vote again. That way everybody has 10 months toÂ get there affairs in order by the time this ends. And congress both Democrats and the G.O.P. needs to spend the next 10 months working on there competence ethics.Â Â """
"""@mikieboy - In a nutshell :-)"""
"""@Crissa:disqus LaRaza (The Race), NBP. Nation of Islam, Aztlan to name a few are very racist and very left wing. You guys are just scared to call out a black person or a hispanic for racism. I am not scared to call it like I see it. It is easy to attack whites because it makes you feel good about yourself, you think the minorities will like you if you attack whites too. Be freaking honest with yourself. This has to be one of your dumbest replies ever Crissa. I view the world through the eyes of a ""Native American"" as you liberals labeled us. All I see is a self loathing person who wants to feel good about herself and have others like her ""because she cares"". Still all I see is a person who sits on land once hunted and lived upon by the native peoples. How many thousands of Indians died so you can live where you live and feel good about yourself?Your second sentence makes no sense, because even my staunchest enemies never accuse me broad brushing. When I attack, I am very specific about my targets."""
"""Hey, if the Republicans are determined to stake out the territory of ""things really suck"", they're welcome to it. Should make an attractive selling feature for their 2012 nominee."""
"""Nah. Good folks there, good music POURS from that place... don't let a couple of douchebags shape your view."""
"""Hey nutbag..youre a traitor....Obama has more intelligence in his little finger than your peanut brain......Go to pakistan and spout your venom...youlll be murdered onn the spot...You psychos love to talk about no freedom-but you are liars....You have the freedom to speak like an idiot....arent you happy now goofball?  LMAO"""
"""You're avatar is fail. Loser."""
"""Why don't you shut your stupid mouth, pennylane? All you do is sit in here just waiting to pull the race card every chance you get. You offer nothing of value to these discussions, so why don't you just get lost? It gets tiring seeing your worthless, race-bating gibberish polluting these discussions!"""
"""We didn't even know who the rebels really are, do you really want them to have weapons they can use against us"""
"""You goofy Repub thugs don't have a clue, not the tiniest shred of a fact on how health care works in most other countries around the globe. The US is the only developed country without universal, single-payer or socialized medical care for all its citizens. Some systems differ, but all achieve near 100% access to a doctor and hospital at way lower cost than we here in The United States of America. In some countries, people pay some small amount per doctor visit, like a co-pay. In other countries, you are covered, no co-pay. In most countries, the option to have private health insurance is always an option. This gives the wealthy or well-heeded access to some private doctors who want to only see rich patients. Their choice. But no one, no mom, dad, child, uncle, aunt, grandma, grandpa, sister, brother, business associate, boss, garbage man, ditch digger, or nuclear physicist goes bankrupt from a disease or medical condition like here in the USA. You need not fear the collection agency coming after you because you fell and broke your arm and had no insurance. No insurance company denies your claim or drops your coverage after finding out you have cancer or heart disease or MS. Get it? We are in the dark ages of medical care in the US and the Neanderthal republicans want to keep it that way because their wealthy benefactors in the giant Insurance-Pharma industrial complex like it that way. These craven business people who lust after profits like an alcoholic lusts for a drink, make huge boatloads of cash and mega profits off us and do not want that gravy train to stop."""
"""socaljim:<div><br></div><div>Nope, Kelly should stay and stick around if we go 8-4 or 7-5 IMO. With a new QB coming in you just have that excuse. So yes, there is an excuse. It's not like we have a 4yr starter coming in and last season was a 8-4 or 9-3 record. No high expectations at all. If we surpass them then fine but if we can get at least 8 wins under this schedule and new QB it will be a success.&nbsp;</div><div><br></div><div>Now with USC. If you all dont win your Conference Championship Kiffan should be fired. No excuse why you all shouldnt flat out be undefeated and in the National Championship this year. With that being said. If you all dont win the Conference it will be a huge failed season.&nbsp;</div><div><br></div><div>GO ND!!!!</div>"""
"""@Ritual Reality No I am simply saying that back then a lot of people said stuff like this. Theyre old conservative dudes. It just isnt that way anymore. I am sure Pat Buchanan and GB senior talked smack on blacks, its just the way it was. Nothing to do with me or anything I belive in I swear, I am just stating the facts of a different time."""
"""True, maybe he's deliberately being an assh*le as a self-promotional marketing gimmick, because he knows controversial views will get him attention. In that case, let's screw his plan up by avoiding clicks on his articles, and spreading the word to others to do the same. That'll fix his red wagon - and it's looking mighty red."""
"""JoelWeltman, you look like a pedophile from your picture. go get yourself incarcerated."""
"""your a little high on the points but I do think Miami will handle an old tired Boston team"""
"""Your Yellowstone Fly Fishing Report:.. The Madison River is enjoying consistent salmonfly action. This, coupled with a bit of streamer fishing, and the highly successful soft hackle swinging is drawing the neighbors to the holes of old. Not too much visitation, yet, from the pink and yellow shirt crowd.Obsidian Creek and Indian Creek are high and clear. Fish right by the bridge at the Indian Creek Campground. Catch as many Brook Trout as you care to... The Gibbon River in the big meadows is at bank, and has picked up just a hint of color,) - and the bank is just plain pudding... If you choose to fish here be careful on two counts: 1) soggy soil transmits vibrations very well, 2) be sure you know where the edge is. Small streamers will do the trick. A double drowned caddis will also work... Down canyon on the Gibbon River you will have to look for protected water, and gentle feeding lanes. There is a bit more color, the discharge is up, and the fish are being very picky about where they are hanging out. On the other hand they are not picky at all about what they are eating. On the other hand, for a change, the Firehole River, (after an early scare,) has enjoyed cooling melt water and has maintained a bank-full puddle so far.http://flyfishyellowstone.blogspot.com/"""
"""MrO,Proof is shown by liberals not wanting to remove illegals and dead people from voting registers. That's about as dishonest as you can get."""
"""The only ignorant person here is you, who thinks that being registered as a Republican means you treat everything ever done or said by every Republican leader as gospel. Open your mind a little bit."""
"""oh i had many cars like this before."""
"""@Sara Besleaga Griji, doruri sau dorinÈ?e... Au È?i copiii mai mici ! :)MulÈ?umesc de urare, È?i È?ie la fel, Sara,  cÄ? avem nevoie !"""
"""you are both morons and that is never happening"""
"""Many toolbars include spell check, like Yahoo for example. You might want to look into that. Just trying to help you make points easier to read"""
"""@LambeauOrWrigley  @K.Moss Sioux Falls, S.D. I told my boy he should call around today and figure out what the options are. I hope he's doing that."""
"""How about Felix? He is sure turning into one hell of a starting pitcher. I think if he gets his pitch count down and goes longer into games, he can be a number three pitcher someday."""
"""You're all upset, defending this hipster band...and WE'RE the douches for reading the news and discussing it?Put down the PBR, throw away the trucker hat, shave off that silly shadow-beard, put down your ""99%er"" sign, and get a job, ION."""
